"The most incredible seafood dishes are to be had at Shaw's. I love that they even serve sushi. Prices are well worth the visit and Sunday brunch is definitely worth checking out! Once you try a locally brewed coffee, you will never want to drink any other kind of coffee. Plus, the prices are less than a lot of other places that serve coffee blends.
"Girl and the Goat has a wonderful atmosphere! I felt very relaxed and had a great, private meal. The flavors were paired very well together and dishes were original. I'll be heading back soon!
"I recently ate at the Girl & The Goat restaurant. I was hoping to find something unique, great tasting, and a great atmosphere and I found this place to have all three qualities. I had an awesome portion of sauteed green beans and an appetizer. I had an awesome goat loin dish for my mian course that was cooked to perfection and I can't wait to have that again. The strawberry parfait to top it off did not disappoint. I plan to try the oysters next time, it looked as though the couple at the next table was enjoying them. Their menu has plenty of variety to offer. I highly recommend this place for a date night but it also works for a casual dinner. I will be back!
'Great atmosphere and service! Reasonably priced with an extensive menu for all ages and tastes. The Weber Starter Sampler was unbelievably good - hickory BBQ ribs just melt in your mouth. Grilled-fried pizza was out of this world and is a new favorite. Definitely will return for lunch and dinner in the future.
"There are lots of places to get steaks in Chicago . . .but getting a great steak? That is a lot harder - unless you go to Joe's. We try and go every time we have out of town guests because there is no better way to showcase Chicago style steakhouses than Joe's. On the last visit, I had the seared Ahi tuna. It was a sushi grade cut of tuna, barely shown the grill before meeting my plate and arrived promptly. It was one of the best cuts of tuna I have ever had - almost as good as one on the beach overseas where I pointed to the tuna on a boat and it was cut and cooked on the beach. The tuna was that fresh. On prior visits, I've also had the salmon, chicken, and the ribeye. Service usually excellent, and the waiters are quite knowledgeable about wine pairings. Overall, I am always looking for an excuse to go back to Joe's!
"Weber Grill Restaurant has it all! From the delicious food to the daily drink specials and live music on Friday nights to the friendly staff, you will not be dissatisfied. The Grilled Oysters Rockefeller was the perfect entree and I'm still thinking about the steak I ate... I will definitely return!
'Frontera Grill is one of my favorite places to go to for a night out or even lunch. If you are there for lunch make certain you try the "Mexico City-Style Quesadillas," an affordable and delicious meal that will keep your tastebuds begging for more. The wide variety of foods and drinks makes Frontera an amazing place to bring friends, family, colleagues, or children. Four stars all the way.
"Me and my wife ate at Joe's last weekend and the service was the best we've ever had. We ordered the crab legs and the the ribeye, and I must say that my steak was cooked to perfection and the crab legs were great. We definitely will be returning to this restaurant in the near future.
'My boyfriend and I stopped by Frontera Grill the other night for dinner and were really pleased - it was overall a delicious experience and very reasonably priced. I started off with the blood orange margarita - incredible! Definitely a unqiue item, and I loved the flavor. My boyfriend had a rum and ginger cocktail which he said was very good. They also had the typical Mexican beers and a small selection of craft beers, which I will definitely be sampling next time. Since we are both fish lovers, we started out with the tropical tuna cocktail, which was sashimi grade tuna with an amazing tomatillo-based sauce and tangy salsa. And for the meal, we both got taquitos, which also came with a tomatillo-based sauce and guacamole. They were excellent (though I have loved every taquito I have ever eaten!) and came in a satisfyingly large portion. Best of all, the price was reasonable. The taquito entree is less than $10, so even though we had a great meal it did not hurt our wallets much. We had a great time here and really enjoyed our food, so I definitely will be back, and recommend this restaurant to anyone who likes high-quality Mexican food!
"I took my wife to The Signature Room for our 10th anniversary dinner after hearing great reviews from a friend who dined here at a wedding reception. Turns out his recommendation was spot on! We were stunned by the views of the city and even more impressed by the service. The staff went out of their way to treat my wife like a queen after I tipped them off that it was our anniversary which made our night even more special. While the atmosphere alone was worth the trip, I can't review The Signature without mentioning the food! My beef filet was delicious and the oysters are the best we've found yet in Chicago. If you're deciding between side dishes, I HIGHLY recommend trying the black truffle potatoes. After sampling mine my wife wished she had decided to splurge and get some of her own instead of opting for a more standard vegetable dish. To sum up: If you are looking for a place to celebrate a special event with loved ones or friends, I think that The Signature is a top-notch restaurant choice that will undoubtedly do your celebration justice.
"Gibsons Bar & Steakhouse. What can I say about them? Well, I guess I can start out by saying this is my new favorite restaurant. The food? Amazing. The staff? Very friendly and super helpful. The prices? Very reasonable. What more can you ask for from a restaurant? I asked for a New York Strip Steak, cooked medium rare, and guess what I got. Exactly that. Cooked perfectly, wonderfully sized portion, and tasted so good. I can't wait to go back, but I am not sure what I want to try next. Maybe a burger? Probably not. The steak was too good to ever pass up. I walked in and was immediately friendly and helpful. I got a table almost immediately. My waitress, Alice, started out by asking if I wanted to order some appetizers or drinks. She was very friendly and helpful without being overly-annoying or invasive. Needless to say, she got a nice tip. The food, though priced slightly high, was very reasonable when you consider the portion size, flavor, and speedy service. Overall this is an amazing place, and I 100% recommend you check it out. 4.5/5
'First time when I stepped into this restaurant, I felt upbeat! The atmosphere of this restaurant was very lively. I loved the music, the decoration, and most of all the waiter who served my table. He was very attentive and friendly although the restaurant was pretty busy at that time. Since I was still full from my late lunch, I decided to order just an entree called Carne Asada el Mole Negro (hope I spelled it right). It was quite pricey but absolutely delicious. My friend got herself Torta Ahogada. She let me have some, and again, it was very tasty and healthy too. While we were eating, the owner even came to our table and asked how do we like the food. Overall, this restaurant deserves 5 stars and I will definitely recommend this restaurant to my friends because I am sure they will not be disappointed. I am now mouthwatering and thinking about going back to this place again tomorrow!
'On Saturday, June 15,2013 My friends and i had the pleasure of visiting "The Signature Room At The 95th." The restraunt is reminiscant of a scene you would see out of a 40"s gangster movie,with its silk table cloths, fine crystal wine glasses, and fresh cut roses on every table. The Signature Room At The 95 Th has an equally classic menu from hand cut steaks, to more intricate stuffed fillet mignon, to simple desserts, to flombe there is something on the menu to appease even the most finicky of pallets.I ordered a steak medium rare, with a greek salad and chose a cabernet sauvignon from italy from the extensive windlist, that features italian and german red and white wines.The signature Room at the 95th, features classic entrees with a diversisified selection of wine , sure to appease everyone on a Saturday night,when the only question im hungey, where do we go? The answer of course is The Sigature Room At the 95th.
"I had the luxury of dining with friends at Mike Ditka's in Chicago. Wow! What a place! You will surely want to make reservations just to make sure you're not left out. We did and there was no standing around when we got there. When you first walk in, the decor is truly amazing. We had a nicely set table in one area of the dining room. There are many different areas including some private rooms as well. Our waiter was superb! I really think he would have even cut our steaks for us. For starters, I had the Maryland crab cake. I am a crab cake-aholic, so I'm always looking for the best ones and I think I've found it. It was perfectly broiled with the best crab meat - no shells or cartilege in this one! Next, not being too adventurous, I ordered the chicken noodle soup. I told you I wasn't adventurous. How can you possibly make chicken soup any better? This is just like your grandma makes. Big chunks of real chicken, carrots, and celery were in this soup. For the entree, I love a good steak, so I ordered the Filet Mignon Two ways. One is done up Oscar-style with asparagus and bernaise sauce and the other was encrusted with horseradish around the edges. Ordering it medium was absolutely the way to go. The Oscar-style was phenomenal! The horseradish encrusted can stand on its own. A friend and I shared the fresh broccoli, which was perfectly cooked, not too crunchy and not too mushy. What an awesome meal we had. This was certainly worth the price, although in Chicago, this is a real bargain. I would highly recommend that you make Mike Ditka's your next night out!
'recently I ate at a restaurant called Quartino an Italian restaurant. Upon arrival I noticed the outside was very well taken care of, the ground were well maintained and there was no litter on the ground. As I walked in the first thing I noticed was the smell of cleanliness and good food. the hostess greeted me promptly even though it was busy and told me the wait time would be about 20-30 minutes but told me could have a seat at the bar where I was offered o complimentary glass of wine. The wait time was accurate as I was seated 25 minutes later. The server greeted me right away and took my drink order. He returned with in 10 minutes with my drink, and a basket of fresh bread and butter. Upon his return he started telling me about the specials they were offering that night. I placed my order and was served with in 15 minutes. All in all I had a very wonderful experience at Quartino. The service was outstanding, the staff was efficient and courteous, the restrooms were well stocked and clean. I will be returning there in the future and will be telling my friends and family that I highly recommend this fine dining experience.
"The Weber Grill is a fantastic Restaurant. Anytime you want mouth watering steak, this is the place to go. The NY Strip Steaks are delectable. Although it's a little pricey, it's definitely worth it. The atmosphere is sub par to none and all the waiters are super hospitable. I felt like they were my personal waiters. This is definitely the place to take a date on a romantic night out.
"I finally decided to try Quartino, a restaurant in downtown Chicago I had heard many good things about. I showed up at about 6pm on a Friday evening with a close friend, and after a short wait (it was busy!) was given a table on the outdoor patio. I was greeted by a waiter very quickly and we each ordered a glass of red wine off a pretty impressive wine list - I had a pinot and she had a cab. The menu is tapas style with MANY dishes to choose from and share with the table. We decided to order a couple small plates to share, and an entree each. We started with Duck Prosciutto and the Brodetto Ai Frutti Di Mare, which is a mixture of octopus, shrimp and clams cooked in a tomato sauce - it was a bit more expensive but so worth it! We wanted to try something new and this was an incredible dish. Cooked well and seasoned perfectly. For our main course I got the Veal Osso Buco and she ordered the ravioli. My osso bucco was perfectly cooked - it tasted like it had been cooking all day! It was served with an herb based condiment that pair perfectly with the rich veal. I was told the ravioli (which was hand made in house) was tender and full pork goodness. It also contained speck, which I have never had but tried, and was very bright and floral. In a strange way, it worked perfectly with the pork and tomato sauce. After dinner, we were too full to order dessert, but I will definitely be returning - possibly for a digestif and an Italian dessert I've never had before? Despite being very busy, the service was attentive and the food was served hot. I have already recommended this place to my friends and will be returning several times in the future!
'Ditka\'s in Chicago has certainly impressed me. Usually when I take the time to write a review its because I am extremely unhappy. The food was nearly inedible, the wait staff spilled a drink on my wife "accidentally" or the roach in the potatoes was the only thing appetizing. None of this happened at Ditka`s in Chicago. It never will happen either as the food is of the highest quality. I had Dry-Aged Angus Prime Rib with Mike\'s Fries. I wanted the most All American meal I could order and that was it. I wolfed it down like William Perry circa 1985 and I will say it was the greatest piece of meat I have ever had in my life. The potatoes were like a touchdown in my mouth with every bite. Ditka`s is truly the Super Bowl of food and the winner is you. I wish I had saved room for Overtime as I imagine their dessert is as good as the entree. I will definitely be back at the Goaline at Ditka`s for another Championship Dinner.
'I went to Weber Grill last night with my boyfriend and we had a great time! The live music made the whole atmosphere cool and the food was to die for! The Plank Grilled Chilean Sea Bass practically melted in my mouth and the vinaigrette dressing added a really nice touch. The asparagus was crisp but not crunchy and the recommended wine really kissed my palette! My boyfriend had the Prime NY Strip and said that was amazing too. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a great, upscale night out! The food is affordable for the atmosphere and quality, and anyone can easily lose themselves in a great time.
'I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner at Joe\'s Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab. Although I have been eating snow and king crab my whole life, I had never tried stone crab before and was eager to. I started with the spinach stuffed mushrooms, and they were perfectly cooked- moist and well seasoned. I tried some of my husband\'s cole slaw, and will definitely order that on my next visit as well. The stone crabs were amazing! Since I hadn\'t tried them before, I decided to go for the medium size stone crabs. The light seasonings went very well with the delicious natural flavor of these unique crabs. My husband had the new york strip steak which was cooked to his order (rare! Not my style.) He said it was juicy and very full of flavor. We enjoyed an excellent dinner, and I cannot wait to find another reason to "celebrate" and head back here.
'Our dinner started with a warm set of olives. The tart and sweetness of the combined olives was superb. Next came the squash blossom rangoon. In which the almonds gave a good crunch. Our entre was a pan roasted halibut. The food was surprisingly wonderful and paired with the rustic feel of the resturaunt made for a wonderful experience. One I would like to repeat over and over.
"Shaw's Crab House in Chicago is the perfect place to visit when you have a hankering for fresh, delicious seafood. Located just a few blocks from Chicago Harbor, Shaw's provides world-class dining in an upscale environment. I wore a jeans skirt and a nice top, and felt totally comfortable there. So it's not so fancy that you feel uncomfortable. Since I live in Chicago, I often show off the city to out-of-town friends over lunch. I usually suggest the hand-rolled maki (the spicy shrimp with salmon and lemon is the best!). For dinner, I like to order up a dozen half-shell oysters. Given the quality and the portion sizes, you'll find that It won't bust your budget. Another of my favorites is the authentic Broiled Lake Michigan Whitefish with the horseradish crust is another treat - and, again, it's reasonably priced. I also recommend checking out the sustainable seafood menu, which provides several selections you'll feed good about eating. I was too full to order dessert the last time I ate there, and I wish now that I had saved room. They have the BEST key lime pie, which I always love after eating sushi. Make sure you call ahead for a reservation. The restaurant is quite popular.
"I decided to treat myself to something special. I'd heard my friends talk about and decided to grab the wife and finally check out The Purple Pig. We arrived at 6pm, trying to beat the dinner rush. Luckily there was plenty of room and we did not have to wait. Antonio was our server for the evening. His uniform was clean and well fitted. We shared the kale and romaine caesar salad to start. It was good and the anchovy did not overpower the rest of the dish. However my wife was not the biggest fan of the quail egg. For entree I had the olive-oil poached tuna and it was amazing. My wife had the ham and mushroom panini but only ate half. I of course finished it right up for her! Neither of us had wine(had to work in the morning) so I can't really comment there, though the wine list did look rather extensive. We paid for our dinner and as we were leaving Antonio said good night and invited us back in again. The place was clean, the staff friendly, and most importantly the food was good. We just might take Antonio up on that invitation.
"My boyfriend had been wanting to try Mike Ditka's for a while, so I finally agreed to go. The restaurant is clean and has a nice atmosphere. We didn't have to wait long to be given a table and our food arrived right away. I had the crispy tuna avacado roll, while my boyfriend had the prime ribs. The food was amazing! It was fresh and was well prepared. My boyfriend said his ribs were cooked perfectly. The meal was affordable and the whole experience was good. I definitely plan to come back.
"Gibsons is the kind of place you go for a really nice evening. You can tell they keep standards -- clean environment, professional severs, and nice presentation of the menu. They even keep standards of their guests: no men in sleeveless shirts. You might find it a turn-off, but I like that guests are encouraged to promote the overall swanky feel of the restaurant. When you're there, you're not just at some neighborhood grill or dive restaurant, you're having an elevated experience. And that's all not even to mention the food, which is amazing. I am a steak lover and I had the porterhouse, which was generously portioned and cooked absolutely perfectly. The texture was almost buttery it was so tender; I can honestly say I've never had a better cooked steak. But the perfection of the menu doesn't stop at the beef, something you might expect at a steakhouse. Not at Gibsons. My boyfriend doesn't eat red meat (too bad for him at such a restaurant!) and he had the roasted chicken, which was seriously just as buttery and amazing as my steak was. I found myself picking off his plate any scraps I could find when he wasn't looking. In short, the restaurant is everything you want from a nice night out. The service is prompt and attentive as well; we left a generous tip. We will definitely be back in the near future, it may be my new favorite spot for date night.
"I just tried Girl and the Goat for the first time and was blown away! When you first walk in you're greeted with friendly staff and long, wooden, family-style table seating. The atmosphere is warm and inviting and the menu is filled with craft beers and and veggie/fish/meat entrees. Everything we ate was so fresh! We (my girlfriend and I) started with the roasted cauliflower. Pickled beets and peppers popped in your mouth with every bite! My girlfriend loved her scallops and charred pork belly was to die for. We will be back soon, because everything on the menu deserves to be tried at least once!
'I had heard about The Purple Pig for a while and the chefs associated with it and wanted to try it out. Granted having the motto of "Cheese, Swine and Wine" didn\'t hurt! So I grabbed a friend and made plans. We decided to head over on Sunday afternoon to give it a test run. I had to start with the Pork Fried Almonds - how could anything fried with pork be bad. It wasn\'t. My friend loved the chorizo stuffed olives (the stuffing tasted great but I\'m not an olive fan). I did swipe a taste of the deviled eggs and will definitely order them next time for myself. After some good conversation, I ordered the meatball sliders and my companion ordered the porchetta. It comes with salsa verde and she was really surprised at how much she liked the salsa. My meatball sliders were awesome on a taste scale. We both agreed that for some casual tastings, all the food impressed and we would definitely come back another time to try the fancier dishes.
"My husband and I recently decided to celebrate our anniversary at The Signature Room at the 95th. We made a reservation weeks in advance using their online reservation tool. The process was incredibly easy and user friendly. We arrived at the restaurant a few minutes early and were greeted by a very friendly and respectful hostess. She showed us our table, a private affair in the back corner of the facility. The table settings were beautiful and the overall atmosphere was elegant and exactly what we were looking for. The hostess gave us our menus and politely informed us who our server would be that evening. Our server was a well dressed young man who was polite and articulate. He made a few suggestions on what to choose and helped us with wine pairings. After ordering, he respectfully left us alone. It was lovely to spend time with my husband in such a formal atmosphere, it made our evening something very memorable. When presented with our food I was very impressed with how beautiful the presentation was! It was stunning, so artfully plated, I almost did not want to eat it! The taste and quality of the food can not be compared to anything I've had before. It was delicious! The suggested wine paired wonderfully with the dish as well. Our night went better than I could have hoped. The staff and food at The Signature Room at the 95th met and exceeded my expectations! five stars!
"I recently went to Chicago to visit an old family friend who needed my help. While I was there, they suggested we go out to eat at Mike Ditka's. I was surprised at the speed with which we were helped. There was a small line, but we got our table extremely quickly, and were promptly greeted by our server. He suggested some specials, took our drink orders, and left us to peruse the menu. Shortly after we had decided, the waiter returned and gave us some complimentary bread, then took our orders. I had decided to order the Angus Prime Rib, and my friend ordered the Filet Mignon Two Ways. Our food came out much faster than I had expected, and was delicious! I had originally thought the price was steep for what I was getting, but I was very pleasantly surprised to find that the portion size was very generous. It would have been worth it for the flavor of the food alone. My steak was done to absolute perfection, the very definition of medium-rare. My friend's steak was likewise pristine. I got to try a bit of his order as well, and was again taken aback by how delicious it was. All in all, our experience was absolutely spectacular. I would give them 5/5 stars for service, cleanliness, helpfulness, flavor, and portion size. Unfortunately, I didn't see any desserts, which was a shame as I would have enjoyed getting to hang out a little longer in the warm, inviting environment of the restaurant. I will definitely be visiting again, and will be suggesting to anyone in the area: Visit Mike Ditka's, you will not be disappointed!
"I was pleasantly surprised to find such a fantastic restaurant in Chicago (okay, wasn't suprised, but was suprised on the quality due to the low cost!) ! My friend and I were working here for three weeks and stopped by on a rare night that we got off early. I had the lobster bisque, which was really incredible, and the arugula salad, which was good but not too heavy on the arugula (diluted with spinach, which was acceptable to me) and also a little too sweet. Overall it was tasty and filling however, for only $12. The wine was good and the service was excellent. I wish the beer list was more extensive. My friend got the Seafood Newburg and really loved it- I think I would probably get an entree instead of a salad next time despite the steep price increase. A little expensive but expected in the city.
'I recently went to Gibsons Bar & Steakhouse in the Chicago area, and had an absolutely wonderful dining experience. I was seated promptly and the host was very friendly. My waitress came to my table rather quickly and told me about the specials of the day. I ordered a shrimp cocktail for an appetizer and it came out in a reasonable amount of time and was really delicious. The shrimp was seasoned perfectly and the cocktail sauce served was incredible. After my appetizer, I tried the New York Sirloin which was one of the best steaks I have ever eaten. I ordered it medium-rare and the kitchen hit the mark perfectly. After a great dining experience at Gibsons, I would recommend this place to anyone looking for high quality food in the Chicago area. The prices were a little high, but the food is definitely worth it!
'Shaw\'s Crab House- Chicago is anything but "Crabby". The whole staff from the hostess to the chef were extremely friendly and made my dining experience one to be remembered. There whole menu looked extremely appetizing, but I finally decided to start with the lobster cocktail. It was amazing, the cilantro chile sauce really gave it a nice, refreshing kick. I then opted for the parmesan crusted chicken. Again, it was delicious. The chicken was cooked perfectly, the breading was crunchy on the outside and the chicken was juicy on the inside. As far as the sauteed spinach..well let\'s just say I couldn\'t get enough of it! I don\'t know how I did it, but I ordered dessert as well. Shaw\'s Raspberry Pie! The raspberries tasted like they were fresh out of the garden. This restaurant will definitely get my business again!
"I love this place! It has that authentic, rustic Italian feel, in everything from the decor to the menu. The Veal Osso Bucco is probably my favorite dish here, and it's the best I've had anywhere. The lunch special is a great deal, too. Quartino is also a wonderful place to stop in and have some wine on the patio. Don't miss out on this one.
"I highly recommend The Signature Room for any visitor to Chicago. It gives you a great view of the entire surrounding city. The drinks are a bit pricey, but you're mostly paying for the view & atmosphere, which is fairly upscale. It is a chill lounge which is relatively quiet and a great place to chat or hang out after dinner. The line can get long, but it moves at a decent speed.
'Anyone who has traveled will agree that finding suitable cuisine is nearly always a challenge. Big cities, such as Chicago, have a wide variety of different restaurants and diners all of which promising a unique dining experience. My family and I had heard about the classy restaurant named The Purple Pig from friends that had traveled there on business trips. The interior was beautifully decorated as was the outside of the restaurant. The hostess was very gracious as was the waitress, going above and beyond to ensure that our needs were met completely. Our food came out in a very timely manner. I ordered the Pork Fried Almonds with Rosemary & Garlic. It was absolutely exquisite. The meat was so tender that it melted in your mouth with a unique spin. My husband and I had white wine, so smooth that it just glided down our throats. We will definitely be back the next time that we are in Chicago and I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a thrill of the taste buds.
'In a "foodie" town like Chicago, there is the hottest new restaurant about once a month. The Girl and the Goat deserves every one of the thousands of gushing accolades. It is a stunning combination of adventurous, luxurious taste sensations, combined with a fun atmosphere that makes every dinner seem like a party. I took a large group to dinner there this week and we all enetered as sort of uptight partial strangers and exited as best friends over the course of one of the most memorable meals I\'ve had. The chef recommended a tasting menu of the restaurant "greatest hits" signature dishes ( oh my, the pigface! Oh my, the roasted goat leg !) and combined with the warm, funny attentions of our server Brendan ( who at the end of the evening was also considered to be a best friend), this meal was perfect! It is expensive, but worth every penny. If you are looking for dinner to be an event- don\'t walk- run to the Girl and the Goat!
'Shaws Crabhouse had an excellent atmosphere and was just a cozy place. The waiter was nice and prompt getting our orders. I ordered the spider roll and my girlfriend ordered the battered alaskan halibut tacos. The sushi was very good and flavorful and my girlfriend really liked the fish tacos, they were savory and just plain good. I would recommend a seafood lover here anytime.
'My familyao>>s experience at Weber Grill Restaurant in Chicago was tremendous. The staff was warm, welcoming and able to answer all of our questions about the menu items. The lunch menu was more than reasonably priced for the amount and quality of food that was served. All of our entrees tasted wonderful, especially the Margherita pizza. The atmosphere provided was the best Iao>>ve ever experienced. We will definitely be visiting again, with friends next time!
"Being a big football Chicago Bears, my friends and I decided to go to Mike Ditka's - Chicago. Wow, we were amazed by this place! We went and had dinner at 8:00pm on a Friday night, I called and made reservations ahead of time. We started with drinks, I am a big fan of Moscow Mule's. This one did not disappoint me at all! The server was great, from drinks to dinner she was very helpful! We started appetizers with the Calamari, and for the first time I had it Rhode Island Style. I cant say that I'm a big fan of this, but it was great to try something new. I then had the prime meatloaf stack, being from the south I love meatloaf! This was so good, that I had to take a picture and post it on Facebook...YUM! Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food as well. All and all this was a 5/5 experience, and I will differently come back!
"My wife and I visited Gibsons for our anniversary dinner. It was our first time eating at the restaurant. We were able to make reservations through their website without having to call in. When we arrived at the restaurant we found that the only parking available was valet. I wouldn't have minded if the charge was fair, but the $14 fee before tip was a bit too much for my liking. Once we entered the restaurant we were seated quickly by a friendly hostess. Our waiter was quick to take out drink order and bring over glasses of water. We both had the house wine, which was decent. A bit too dry for my taste, but drinkable. We ordered Filet Mignon as our appetizer. My wife had the 10oz, I had the 14oz. The steaks came out in a timely fashion and were cooked exactly as ordered. The meat itself was tender, flavorful without being overbearing. I enjoyed the garlic mashed potato sides and asparagus. The portions were large enough that would could not have even considered desert. Overall, the experience was positive. The food was good and worth the price. The valet parking was a bit too expensive, but the food and service more than made up for it.We would definitely return.
'I have heard good things about Rick Bayless, as my best friend loves the Bravo show "Top Chef Masters". When I learned that he was opening a restaurant near my home in Chicago, I was intrigued, and my friend, who lives in Minneapolis, begged me to go on her behalf. I went during my lunch break, since I hate crowds. The atmosphere was great-- it was definetely based on real cafi(c)s in Mexico, and had just the right amount of trendiness to make it fun, but not hipsteresque. The bartenders looked like masters of their craft, as I saw other guests order difficult-to-make cocktails and drinks. And the mixers had no problem doing so. The waitress I had, Kathleen, was wonderful, and she gave me enough time to make my choice. As I looked at the menu, the first thing that caught my eye was Frontera\'s commitment to organic food. I\'ve always preferred that to the standard supermarket fare, as it is healthier, fresher and (above all) tastier. I usually cook at home because there are so few organic restaurants here in Chicago, but I was very excited to discover that this one was! Now, I won\'t have to clean as many plates or pans, since I can eat here! After gazing the menu\'s wide selection, I settled on oysters with a side of black kale. I love both, and never have the former, since quality oysters are so hard to find at supermarkets. After Kathleen delivered them, I was intringued by this Latin take on a New England tradition, being from Boston. And I was amazed! The limes enhanced the oysters much better than any lemon could, and eating them with the garlic-chipotle salsa made a delightful entree heavenly. All the flavors combined to accent the smooth taste of the oysters, and they did so in perfect harmony. The kale was also delightful. I love this vegetable, as it is so flavorful, unlike many vegetables, and so healthy. I love it cooked in olive oil, but Frontera\'s addition of grilled onions made it unbelievable. The strong taste of the kale, with the fresh flavor of the onions was a spectacular marriage-- and it certainly is one made by Rick, one of the best matachmakers in the culinary world. In all, I was very impressed by Frontera and by Rick\'s cooking skills. My friend was right: Rick has great recipes and skill, and his dishes are healthy, and friendly to the Earth. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves good food-- and social responsibility, too.
'As a new customer visiting "The Signature Room at the 95th" I must say that I am not only thrilled with the experience, but also extremely happy with the high level of service I received. The floor to ceiling windows that allowed us to view the Chicago skyline was absolutely gorgeous, I feel lucky to have had this experience! The amount of variety on the menu is exquisite, and the pricing was not as high as I expected! I was shocked! A semi-reasonably priced, delicious, clean, well-mannered restaurant! I have been raving to all of my friends and family about this restaurant, and we are planning a family trip to visit not only Chicago, but this restaurant as well! I highly recommend this restaurant, although if you\'re afraid of heights I would ask for a table further away from the windows! It could be intimidating to those with issues with height!
"Eating at Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab Restaurant is an outstanding dinner. The wait staff are all at the top of their game remembering every little detail we requested with ease. The Spinach Stuffed Mushroom Caps were a definite restaurant specialty on the appetizer menu. We absolutely had to try the Stone Crabs that the restaurant is known for, and were delighted with the quality and freshness. They made a great addition to the Filet Mignon which was juicy and tender and seared to perfection. To top it all off we shared a Peanut Butter Pie with hot fudge sauce for dessert and were delighted with rich taste! A definite go-to on our list!
"Went to Girl and the Goat while visiting the Chicago area, and I can't thank who recommended it enough. Like the name would imply, it's not a typical restaurant. With such a great staff it has the atmosphere of having a meal with a bunch of best friends you just met. The staff was so much fun, and the food was great as well as the craft beers. I heard that all the produce (including the meat) is produced on local farms, so it is guaranteed to be fresh. Would highly recommend Girl and a Goat to anyone.
"My wife and I decided to try this place out as we pass by all the time but haven't ever gone in. Boy, are we glad we did! The service was excellent, the atmosphere was perfect, and the food was fantastic! Try the meatloaf stack, you'll love it.
"My wife and I loved this restaurant. We had the Fumo Negli Occhi and granted it was a little small but filled us both up. What a great value this place is. I will be back when I'm around this area again.
"Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab is one of the best restaurants in Chicago. I consider myself to be a true foodie and I am consistently blown away by the quality of food and level of service at Joe's. It is truly what upscale dining should be. I have been to Joe's many times and have never had a bad experience. I look forward to many visits to Joe's in the future.
"My family and I very seldom have a chance to really get out and enjoy good restaurants as we mainly rely on home cooked meals 90% of the time. If we do, it's something quick and simple. There's nothing better than a great burger and I have to say that Mushroom Swiss burger was absolutely amazing to say the least. Being a cook myself, this was as if I'd made it myself and I am truly glad that we decided to stop and have lunch! We will definitely go back again.
"For a moment I thought I was in Rome, it was Monday and I was visiting Chicago for Business. At lunchtime my Business partner recommended the Quartino. I could not think of a better choice. The wine was half price on Mondays, so we considered that we were in the right place at the right time. The Quartino presented the best of Italian traditional mouth-watering fare. It was difficult to choose from the many option because everything smelled so good. I had that sense of nostalgia as I glanced at the menu. The Artisanal Alumi, Neopolitan thin-crust pizza, house made Pizza brought back special memories of my 3-day trip to Rome. The first time I had eaten Artisanal Alumi was in Rome. Chef Colletta did an excellent job! Fine dining, excellent wine and authentic Italian atmosphere is the feeling you get when you walk in. As you walk in you are greeted by the effervescent personality, Chef John Colletta. He is famous for transporting the culture of Rome to the bustling city of Chicago. We needed to talk business so we were able to enjoy the private dining that they offered. The Waitress said 'Bon Apetiti' and we sat down to an enjoyable Business 3 course lunch special for $25. Yum! What a treat
"Wow! Mike Ditka's in Chicago is one of my favorite restaurants, it's seriously amazing. They have the best steak I've ever had, cooked to perfection and seasoned amazingly. I go to this place all the time, and every experience is incredible. The waiters and staff are all very nice, and are there to make sure that you have a great time. Their variety of meats are amazing, and almost every entree is on point. I personally love their steaks, but everything on the menu is good. I got to say, this place is amazing. I would recommend it to anyone.
"Interested in some surf and turf? Check out Shaw's Crab House on E. Hubbard St. in Chicago. Their vast menu displays the quality of the items that they serve. My dinner consisted of sushi, twin lobster tails, and a glass of red wine to wash it down. The lobster tasted like it was caught out of the ocean minutes before it entered my mouth. Shaw's also serves as a perfect spot to take that special person out. The gorgeous dining room and selection of fresh cuisine will be sure to impress your date.
"My husband and I are the parents of a young child and we finally got the chance to have a night away, so after a bit of coin tossing we decided to give Gibsons' a try. I have to say, the coin was in our favor! We did arrive at a popular time, but the wait was no more than you'd expect before we were seated, and we got drinks right away. The lobster cocktail may be the greatest thing I've ever eaten. Seriously? Try it, it's amazing! My husband is an absolute Prime Rib junkie and he's still talking about it. The prices seem on par, if not a little higher than our other favorite, Morton's..but in the end, we've definitely decided we'll be going back! Great service! Great food! Great experience all around!
'Looking for a nice date-night restaurant?...Gibson will fit the bill. It has a good, top drawer, classy-without-being-ostentatious atmosphere, lit in a quiet way that fosters intimate dining and an overall good vibe. (If you are there in the right time of year, add some oysters on the half shell as an appitizer, they are top quality, fresh, small and a real treat). My favorite steak order is their one pound "WR" sirloin...and you can depend on the fact that you will receive your steak rare/medium rare/-whatever/ EXACTLY the way you ask for it. The service is very good, the wait staff were attentive without being intrusive, and knowlegable about specific items I asked about, both bar and menu listings. A word of warning about the valet parking though...yes, it will be necessary, given the area...but with a charge of 14.00. (OK, I know this is supposed to be a fake review, but I really have had lovely evenings at the Gibson\'s in Rosemont)
"I was extremely happy with my first visit to Weber Grill. I had the Plank Grilled Chilean Sea Bass and it was perfect. Their menu for lunch looks a good bit different from their dinner menu so I can't wait to come back and try it. Our server helped to make this a great all around experience. She helped us choose what to order, knew the menu well, and didn't but us too often or too little. All around, a great dining experience for me.
"I'm a big fan of bbq. Every Sunday as a family we enjoy grilling, but those days when we don't feel like cooking we make our way to the Weber Grill Restaurant. They have everything imagined my favorite are the ribs. It's a friendly environment for the whole family. They even have an awesome happy hour. I recommend this to anyone who doesn't know what they want to eat. I love coming to Webers Grill so much that it's makes me never want to cook on Sundays.
"I have been to this restaurant, it is one of my most favorite restaurant, I like their Porch Etta Panini, this restaurant is one of the best maker's of delicious recipes of Pork. They have vide varieties of Mediterranean foods. I also like their roasted bone-marrow. I think this is one of the delicious restaurant for Pork Specialties. They are the Expertise of attracting the customers with their highly expert hospitality. I would definitely recommend and also take my friends there for the weekend parties.
'I recently visited the Weber Grill Restaurant with my husband for a special 50th anniversary dinner. I was very pleasantly surprised with the service that we received, it was exceptional! We found ourselves surrounded by a lovely atmosphere and smiles everywhere we turned. The food was delicious as well, ( I had the Prime New York Strip ) which I highly recommend. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare, and you could really taste the difference that the charcoal grilling made in the flavor of the meat. We will certainly be back again!
'The Weber Grill Restaurant is one of our families favorite weekend outings. They cook everything from delicious Sea Bass (my wife\'s favorite) to 18 oz. N.Y. Strip steaks (my favorite), all prepared on a traditional Weber grill. They also have a kids menu that my children love. The staff is amazing and have great insight on the menu. They also offer an impressive wine menu with variety like no other. And if you are on one of those no gluten diets they have an "out of this world" menu to cater to you with burgers, salads, ribs, seafood, and much more. They also have a fully stocked bar that has a warm and friendly atmosphere. All in all this restaurant impresses on many levels. Iv recommended them to family, friends, and clients. Keep up the good work Weber Grill Restaurant.
"I have gone to Mike Ditka's Chicago with a couple of friends and boy, didn't I imagine it would be more than a blast! I enjoyed the ambiance- it was friendly and at the same time classy. You cannot define the word class, but you can definitely go to one. They offer private dining, which is my next target visit. Once will never be enough for an outstanding experience.
'My girlfriend and I came to Gibsons for our anniversary dinner and were delighted at the food, ambiance, and service. To start with - while pricey, the steak is well worth it. There are a variety of portions (all huge) and styles. The feel of the restaurant it classy/dressy - we wanted a nice place to celebrate and this fit the bill perfectly. The service was delightful - fast, courteous, and with good wine recommendations (a necessity for this beer drinker!). If you still have room, the desserts are to die for. An added bonus - convenient valet service out front. Five stars! The perfect fancy date place!
"Gibsons Bar & Steakhouse is a small restaurant in midtown Chicago with excellent food and a very comfortable and casual atmosphere. This being the first time I had eaten there, I decided to go all out. I ordered the New York Sirloin with a Double Baked Potato and House Salad. The food took a bit, but the wait was well worth it. My steak was cooked to perfection just as I had ordered it and everything tasted scrumptious. The staff were very friendly and attentive. I could not have asked for a better dining experience. I can't wait to visit again and try some more of their mouth-watering menu selections. I'll definitely be recommending Gibsons to all of my family and friends.
"What a great find! I went to this restaurant with my hubby yesterday and was totally satisfied. The decor was whimsical and fun. The wine list was extensive and the wait staff knowledgable about it. And the food...it was really amazing. We had the chorizo stuffed olives, which were savory and delicious, along with an assortment of cured meats and cheeses the waiter suggested. Then, we shared the clams. They were sooo good, especially sopping up the juices with the rustic bread. I really wanted to try the lemon panna cotta, but I was so full it just wasn't an option. I will definitely get it the next time I go, though, which will be very soon!
"I absolutely love Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab! The first time I went there was with my friend who invited me and I can't get enough of it ever since. The restaurant itself is very elegant but the atmosphere is still very laid back and enjoyable. The food is delicious. My favorite dish is the Filet Mignon. You really do get a bang for your buck at this place because not only is the great but the service is also excellent and fast.
"I dined at Shaw's Crab House for the first time for Sunday Brunch last week, to celebrate a birthday. New to Chicago, I was looking for a place to get sea food done right, and I sure found it! Shaw's is fantastic! The ambiance is beautiful and welcoming, and makes you feel at home, as does the friendly staff. The brunch buffet was the best sea food buffet I have ever had. The selection was fantastic, and everything was cooked perfectly. The Alaskan King Crab Legs were the king of my plate, but I think I tried a little of everything. I am just glad they didn't have to roll me out of the restaurant! They also have a cold sea food bar, an omelet and waffle station, and breakfast cocktails. At $55 per person, Shaw's Crab House is a little on the pricey side. But for special occasions when you want to celebrate, it is worth it!
'I just happened upon Girl and the Goat with my family and boy am I so glad that I did. It is a bit pricey but the food is totally worth it! The chickpea fritters are to die for. Its a great place to hang out with family. The service was good. Our waitress Ashley was hilarious. We will definitely be returning.
'We went to girl and the Goat to celebrate a birthday. We all loved the chickpea fritter appetizers and the wood grilled broccoli. The atmosphere is fun and casual. Service was fast and friendly. Our favorite entree was the delicious skuna bay salmon.
"My husband and I treated ourselves to an intimate dinner date at the Signature Room to celebrate our wedding anniversary. What a treat it was. I had the Lamb, and my husband the Veal. We also added a side of vegetables. The food was delicious; fresh wonderfully flavored, cooked to perfection and served with a creative flair. The portions left us satiated, so much so we had to force ourselves to share a dessert. The staff helped us pair our meal with complimenting wines. We felt like royalty sitting atop the John Hancock Center looking over the lights of the city. I don't hesitate to recommend The Signature Room for any special occasion and look forward to our next excuse to dine there. We noted on the menu that the restaurant supports a different charity each month!
"Shaw's is definitely a neat place to grab a bite. I went right when they opened at 11:30 for lunch, and it was already wicked packed. Being from Boston I'm a huge fan of lobster rolls, and I really wanted to see if their rolls were good enough to stand up to MA's delights. Good news! The rolls were stuffed full of lobster (no skimping here) and had just the right amount of mayo to satisfy my craving. Fries were pretty good, and the service was lightning fast even though it was packed. I was only in the area for a conference, but if I'm ever in the area again I'll definitely stop by! Oh, and don't forget to try the pecan pie--totally worth it!
'Quartino is definitely one of our favorite restaurants. When the weather is nice, there is nothing better than sitting on the balcony. The wait staff always has a smile and very helpful. I never once had to ask for a refill on my drink, they were really on top of the service. The food was amazing. The menu has a lot of options for everyone to find something they like. We will be going back very soon.
"Purple pig's employees are awesome! (5 star service). Menu is diverse and everything tastes great! Ambiance is fantastic. It is a place where you can bring your love ones and friends. I will definitely recommend and come back soon.
'Great place, great environment, great service. I enjoyed my time at the Purple Pig and I will return soon. It may be cliche to say, but all of the wasted time spent at other restaurants is painful to think about. Being an adventurous soul, I ordered the Calamari. I have never tried it and The Purple Pig delivered. This was an attractive and appetizing plate with a taste that did not disappoint. The staff were helpful, prompt and proper. I will return again soon.
'When I arrived at the restaurant I was immediately surprised by how good the smell and the lighting was. I ordered the NV Nicolas Feuillatte Brut which was very nice and priced fairly.The server was very courteous and catered to all my our needs. I would definitely go back again!
'My experience while at the Signature room was very pleasant. The dining service was excellent and the view from atop the tower was amazing. The best part was the elegance of the environment. I do wish to return again because of the positive experience I had.
'This Chicago restaurant is a diamond in the rough. My husband and I went to the Signature Room for brunch one Sunday after recommendations from a friend. I had the steak and eggs which was delicious. It was moist and cooked to perfection. My husband had the buttermilk pancakes, which I tasted from his plate. They were fluffy and delicious. I knew what I was ordering for our next brunch. As for the atmosphere, the ambiance is very sophisticated, a classy affair. Wait time is as to be expected for a gem as this. I would definitely go again!
'Having heard the rants and raves of fellow co-workers, I decided to head on over to Chicago\'s own Quartino for lunch - I had heard that for the price, you could not beat the quality of service and the tantalizing flavors presented to you. As I walked in, I was greeted by a warm, professional, but welcoming face. After finding out I had no reservations, I was assured I would have a seat within minutes. To my delight, I was given a table for two on the patio. The sun was shining, the gentle drone of the city seemed to fade away and I began to understand Quartino\'s charm from the get go! Within a matter of minutes, an intelligent and delightful waiter came to introduce himself to me, as well as answer any questions I had about their wonderful and extensive wine selection. They didn\'t have my favorite wine, but when I inquired, he quickly pointed me to a wine he was convinced I would love! He didn\'t disappoint. I was delighted. After my drink arrived, I explained that I was short on time and that I had come to sample their lunch special, 3 course meal. He was quick to make a few suggestions, as he could tell I was the adventurous sort - or as some would say - unable to decide. Having loved his wine recommendation, I trusted this gentleman with my meal choices as well: "Let\'s see what he\'s made of," I said to myself. The first course was a presentation of a Roasted Beet Salad. I\'m usually pretty reserved about Beets, but I was determined to expand my horizons and to allow my waiter to guide me though. I was delighted when I found a crunch in my salad, Walnuts. So often these salads are one dimensional in texture - leaving you a bit wanting, but this time I was pleasantly surprised. An excellent paring with the sweetness of the roasted beets. On to the next course, with a clean plate! Next to arrive at my quaint table on the patio, was Duck Prosciutto. When you and I typically think of Prosciutto, we think of pig, so of course, I was skeptical. My conscience was soon eased by the light gaminess of the duck. I had worried that it would be too gamey for me; however, the seasoning pulled out the more poultry aspects of the duck and my mouth was left watering - \'Compliments to the Chef!\' Wanting to end on a light note, I requested my third course be a soup. He offered his Sun-Dried Tomato Soup. I was weary. Sun-Dried Tomato usually seems pretty rich and deep, almost acidic in flavor - a bowl full of that sounded like a nightmare. When the dish came out though, with the expected basil I was met with a pleasant added surprise - Ricotta Crostini. This gem added a unique twist to my childhood "Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup." And that is exactly what it was, an adult version of my childhood favorite. Not too rich, or acidic - absolutely delightful. I finished up with enough time to take a small stroll through the restaurant and explore their bar - perhaps that will be my next venture! For now, I left full, satisfied and returned to work another one of those ranting and raving Quartino junkies. Service? Flawless. Food? Decadent and Delightful. General Feel? Exciting, but welcoming - like a family gathering in Italy!
'Ah, Gibsons. Where do I begin? I began the day weeping gently in my cheap hotel room, desperately eating a Klondike bar, trying to fill the hole in my soul. After waking up at noon from a drug and alcohol induced coma, I wandered over to Gibson\'s, where I found the greatest steak I have ever eaten. Perfectly cooked, tender and juicy, yet not too rare. The seasonings were excellent. As I sat down in this delicately lit, perfectly equipped with ambient music, I felt myself re-inflate mentally. I ordered quickly and quietly, avoiding the server\'s respectful downward gaze by using one of my own. When my Tanqueray and Tonic arrived, it was excellent: Genuine Tanqueray, about 50-50 tonic and Tanqueray, extra lime jsut how I like it. As I was half through my drink, the steak arrived with fresh, crisp veggies (steamed, not boiled) and moist mashed potatoes with a generous splash of gravy over them. As I picked up my knife and fork, I almost felt human again. At the end of my meal and my drink, I felt certainly human, and ready for another night with "Frank" and "The Director" as Phil Collins plays in the background. Until this shoot is done, I will be coming back here - nightly.
"Mike Ditka's restaurant in Chicago is amazing! My husband and I do not go out together all that often due to conflicting schedules but we decided on this place because of the atmosphere it portrayed and we were incredibly impressed. It is a beautiful place that makes you feel comfortable as soon as you walk in. It is clean and the smells were mouth watering. The staff was personable and greeted us with smiles which is something many service industries are lacking these days. We were seated without too much of a wait. Our waiter came to take our drink orders after only a minute or two and the drinks were ready right away. We ordered the fresh calamari to start. I am a HUGE calamari fan and this was some of the best I have had. It was hot, fresh, crispy and to die for. I would go back for that alone! I also had the spinach salad which had bacon and eggs and a delicious dressing. It was excellent and fresh. We shared the seafood platter which was plenty of food for the both of us after our appetizers and it was all so fresh I was shocked. Normally when you get seafood out it is hit or miss. Either it is fresh and wonderful or it isn't and it can break the whole experience. But Mike's is a place that a highly recommend for their exceptional service as well as their superb cuisine. We will certainly be going back! Our waiter got a great tip!
'Very professional, inviting atmosphere. What struck me most about The Purple Pig was not necessarily its food, but the presentation. The food was great, but what really sold me on this restaurant was the way the owners and the employees presented themselves. Everybody with whom we interacted was very polite (some were quite sociable, and in a positive way), yet the decor and the architecture really painted an atmosphere of great energy and liveliness that fit the city around me.
'I visited this restaurant during a recent visited to Chicago. I was very happy with my margherita pizza, it had just the right amount of cheese and sauce and was nicely presented. My friend very much enjoyed her order of tortellini. The server was friendly and made us feel very welcome. We would definitely visit here again.
'Very good veggie options. Wide range of selection. However, if you are looking for meat based on the name you will be sorely disappointed. Does not have very many traditional options but a decent variety of weirder items. Interesting atmosphere, good service.
"Recently i had the extreme pleasure of being able to eat out at The Signature Room at the 95th. While i don't tend to treat myself to often, I had heard great things about this restaurant from a coworker of mine and decided to try it. I can honestly say that it didn't just meet my expectations, it blew them out of the water. The view is one of the first things you notice, a spectacular skyline view of the city, especially gorgeous at night with all of the lights shining. The staff we're all very professional and polite, even giving me some great suggestions on what wine would go well with my dish. The menu was simple, clean, and elegant. The table sets were also rather pretty. While slightly on the pricey side, my Manhattan steak was cooked to a medium perfection, and my dinner experience was one of the best of my entire life. I would highly recommend this to anyone interested in some premier dining.
"Ditka's restaurant was a delightful experience. The entrance to this restaurant was very inviting and the staff welcomed us with a smiled.The servers are professional and worked in a timely matter to receive our orders. The menus had clear images that were enticing to my appetite. I ordered the BBQ baby back ribs that were mouth watering. They were falling off the bone. They were sweet and tender. Cooked to perfection. My side order of spinach salad was a fresh delight. It contained crunchy bacon and slices of egg, and sweet slices of apples. The ambiance in this restaurant was great,subtle music playing in the back ground, people laughing and conversing.The food was delicious and service outstanding with servers always checking in to see if we needed anything. A great experience and will be coming back again.
'I love coming to Quartino for dinner! The house-made pasta dishes are really delicious, especially the tagliatelle (my favourite). The prices are reasonable, and you get a lot of food for your money. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in town.
"The Girl and the Goat restaurant is easily one of my all time favorite places to eat. I absolutely love inviting a few friends out to have a good time and enjoy some awesome food. The atmosphere is very chic beautiful, just looking around the place is like having a blast! Personally, I highly recommend the green garlic potato wontons, they are so delicious and you'll want to take a few home for later! Between the food, the drinks and the place itself, you will quickly become a fan.
'Really enjoyed my experience here. First thing I noticed was the atmosphere. The decor created a very rustic and older feeling, which was very nice. The waitress was with us immediately taking our order, which was awesome as it was so fast. She was very polite and fast with our drink orders. They had an amazing collection of craft beers that fit our group perfectly, and we all sampled a couple different ones. We placed our food orders and enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant. When the food came out it looked unbelievable. It was displayed extremely nice, and tasted even better. Overall, the experience was amazing and I recommend the Girl and the Goat to anyone who enjoys good food, rustic atmosphere, and craft beers. Thanks!
"My wife and I decided to eat at The Purple Pig the other night, since one of my friends suggested it to me. Our first impression as we entered the restaurant was how beautiful the interior looked. The atmosphere was definitely fit for a date night with a significant other. The restaurant had a variety of wine to choose from. I chose a bottle of red wine from Spain but do not remember what it was called. My wife and I enjoyed it but that was just the beginning. The food there was amazing to say the least. My wife ordered the slow roasted ham panini and she said it was the best panini she had ever tasted. I had always enjoyed Mediterranean food and luckily it was the restaurant's specialty. I had the chicken thigh kebabs with fried smash potatoes and it did not disappoint. The price was reasonable and the food was off the charts. Although the service was average, I had nothing to complain about. I would definitely recommend The Purple Pig to my friends. Good food, great wine, a 10 out of 10 in my book.
"The Signature Room is on the 95th floor of the John Hancock Building, and although I'm not one for heights, I soon forgot about that, looking down at the bright lights of Chicago. The restaurant is comfortable and cozy with it's wood decor, and the service was fast and friendly, the restaurant being family-owned. I ordered the Filet of Beef, which was worth every penny ($50) and was made even more mouth-watering by the side dish of Roasted Mushrooms and Truffles Vinaigrette I ordered($5). The potato galette, wild greens salad, and oxtail pot-au-feu that came with the steak was really something to remember, and went well with the fine bottle of Beaujolais. (My mother was a waitress for 35 years, and I could find nothing to complain about, and always leave a 15% tip.) This is a great place to bring a date or larger party to make an impression not soon forgotten!
'My husband and I recently celebrated our 12th anniversary at the Rosemont location of Gibsons Bar and Steakhouse. This restaurant is much more elegant than anywhere we would normally go, so in spite of being excited, I was afraid we might feel out of place. This was a unnecessary worry however, and the exceptional staff made sure we were quite comfortable. We took advantage of the complimentary valet parking and were seated very quickly. We started our evening with a couple of their famous martinis...and yes they are quite large! For dinner I chose the Filet Mignon and my husband enjoyed a 13oz New York Sirloin. For desert we shared a divine chocolate hazelnut cake. The portions were very generous, the service impeccable and the food, heavenly. We will definitely be returning to Gibsons for our special occasions in the future.
'My wife and I were on vacation/visiting friends in Indy looking for a good local restaurant for dinner when we came upon the Weber Grill Restaurant. It looked good from the outside and we later found that the food served inside was even better. We wondered if the name was the same Weber of the grill fame and it turned our it is. I am always in the mood for a great steak or chops, so lucky for me the Weber Grill specializes in these items. I chose the Lamb chops because I cannot turn them down when I find them on a menu. My wife opted for the strip steak. Both were seasoned and cooked to perfection. The sides were great and the portion sizes were generous. Neither of us were super hungry after the main course, but the double chocolate bundt cake looked too good to turn down so we split one. Good decision on ordering and sharing it. It was awesome. But there is no way I could have finished the whole thing myself. If you are ever near any of the handful of Weber Grill locations, stop in and you will not regret it.
"I went to the Purple Pig restaurant on friday night with my brother and his wife. It was their first time visiting Chicago so of course they wanted to eat somewhere downtown. I have to admit i'm not a big fan of charcuterie but on the advice of a friend we decided to try the Purple Pig, and I'm glad we did. Great and friendly staff who treat you like family from the minute you open the door(which is rare for a downtown restaurant). We were initially seated near the kitchen door, I then asked if we could have a table near the front window they switched us with no problems. The star of the night was the menu. For anyone who thinks this is just a pork restaurant think again. Huge selection of menu items for a variety of different tastes. I had the salt roasted beets with whipped goat cheese, and one of the best deviled eggs i have ever eaten. Our table had two excellent bottles of rioja wine. I would definitely recommend Purple Pig. Trust me, you will be pleasantly suprised.
"I ordered the ravioli and the salmon, and I have to say, it was one of the best dinners I have had this year. The salmon was perfect, and the pork inside the raviolis was something I've never had before, but will be getting again. Prices may be a tiny bit high for some people, but it is well worth it for the quality of food they serve. I would recommend Quartino to anyone, and have recommended already to my family members. Very, very good restaurant.
'I was very impressed with The Purple Pig. The food was delicious, we had Antipasti, with Pork Fried Almonds with Rosemary & Garlic which melted in your mouth. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys eating good food in a great restaurant. The service was excellent, fast and friendly and the price was just right. You won\'t be sorry that you stopped at "The Purple Pig" to eat!
"My family and I heard some amazing things about Shaw's, so we decided to book a reservation and go out for a nice dinner together. We decided to go on a Saturday for dinner, and when we arrived the restaurant was bustling, but not chaotic. The hostess greeted us right away, and when we told her we had reservations we were immediately taken to our table that was already set up for us. The server greeted us right away and we placed an order for their Tuna Anaheim Tempura (highly recommended!) and wine. After a bit, we placed our orders for the main course, and it arrived promptly and hot and was absolutely delicious. Throughout the experience the wait staff were attentive, but not pushy, and the restaurant is beautiful and clean inside. I had a great experience, and highly recommend it!
"Shaw's Crab House is a fantastic experience all-around. The service is excellent. Our waitress, Sandy or Sally, I can't remember, was extremely solicitous and seemed to magically appear any time we needed something. The food was delicious. I couldn't believe the amount of crab legs that were in an order! We had crab claws as an appetizer, and I did my famous crab claw routine to my daughter's embarrassment, but no one seemed to mind, management included, when I walked around the restaurant with crab claws dangling from my ears, nostrils, and mouth. Good sports. The atmosphere, too, is tremendously welcoming, and I love the fact that you can arm-wrestle the chef for a free meal. What a fun place! We'll be coming back for sure. I can't recommend Shaw's highly enough.
'I visited the Chicago branch of Gibsons Bar & Seakhouse, I was very pleased with nearly thanks aspect. The servers were friendly and quick, atmosphere was quite, which I enjoyed very much and best of all the New York Sirloin was to die for. I would give the Chicago branch a 4/5, its a must go if you live in the area.
"My husband and I had a very pleasant lunch at Shaw's yesterday. Upon our arrival, we were greeted with smiles and our reservation was located quickly. We were led to our table immediately and I was impressed at how clean and inviting the place was. Our order of Lobster Cocktails, Tuna Sushi/Asian Salad and the Crab Cake Burger was taken promptly. We sipped our drinks and enjoyed the quiet, upscale atmosphere while we waited. Before we knew it, our server was delivering our food. Unlike much of the seafood we have tried before, this was fresh and quite delicious! My salad was fresh as well. Overall, a delightful experience. We will be back often.
'Weber Grill Restaurant has undoubtedly win me over! My wife and I needed a place to celebrate our anniversary, and after checking the menu online decided to try Weber Grill Restaurant. We were promptly welcomed and sited very quickly. Our waitress was very polite and efficient throughout our meal. In fact, the whole staff seems very well trained and eager to give us the best experience possible. Weber being popular for their grilling, I ordered the Prime NY Strip and my wife ordered the Grill Twin Lobster Tails. The food met my expectations and then some! The steak was cooked perfectly and had that amazing back-yard grill taste to it. The Lobster tails were delicious and you could taste the freshness; my picky wife found nothing to complain about! So needless to say I will be coming back! Weber Grill Restaurant, keep doing what you do so well, and thank you for an excellent experience!!
'It was my husbands birthday and we wanted to do something special. I let it be his choice and he selected Gibsons Bar & Steakhouse. While I have never been there, some of my friends have and they did nothing but rave about it. So off we went. They have a large selection of usda angus beef, which steak just happens to be my husbands favorite. While they are a bit pricy, they did live up to their name of generous portions. My husband had the Chicago Cut 22oz of pure beef. It was worth the pricey prize tag. I had the filet mignon 10oz, both steaks cooked to perfection. They also have plenty of apetizers. They had lobster, clams, and all the salads and soups to please all tastes. The service was devine. I felt like we were the only ones the waiter had to service. His name was Steve, and I would recommend sitting in his section, if given a choice. He made us feel real special. Like I said they have a full menu, chicken, king crab, tons of sides, very generous, I had lunch for the next day with all my left overs, even I have to admit, my husband for the first time ever actually had a doggie bag. I would recommend this restaurant and we will be visiting again, I assure you, I want to try it all.
"What a great place for surf and turf! My husband and I went to Joe's for our anniversary dinner last week. The atmosphere was fantastic, and the food presentation was gorgeous. The wine list is extensive and truly a delight for any connoisseur. The staff is friendly and professional. Truly sensational, a must have in the Chicago area. Oh, and the New York Strip is to die for!
"Rating: 4.5/5 I have been to Xoco a couple of times and loved it, but this was my first trip to the 'Original' of the Bayless empire. Me, my wife, and another couple. Waited for 30 minutes on a Wednesday night, but that's what we'd been told to expect so no bigs. Drinks while we waited, always a plus! We are all guacamole junkies so got the grilled chive version. Super fragrant and piquant, it was just what we were looking for. Ran out of chips too fast but the waiter was on it. Our friends split the tortilla soup which smelled and looked great. Another round of drinks; I got the 'Gold Rush' which was good and stiff but sweeter than I like. The wife got one of the margaritas which she considered pretty much perfect. I switched to cerveza after that so I would be able to remember the main course. I got the duck in jamaican mole (Mexican restaurant, I know, I panicked when he came to take our order). Duck was super flavorful and you could tell they put some work into the mole. The sides were good but hard to remember next to the main dish. I devoured it and almost got mad when my wife asked for a bite. She got the pibil special, a roast pig in banana leaves. It looked a little crazy but tasted awesome. Our friends got an enchilada and carne asada, looked great but I didn't try it; the portions are generous and filling, and I had my own work cut out for me. Only complaints: got pretty loud, but it was also pretty busy so go figure. Tables were a little small, especially with all the different plates and sauces. And after we turned down dessert (too full!) the waiter never offered another drink, but really that was fine as we'd all had a few. He was probably looking out for us. So a couple of minor missteps on ambience (really minor) and one tiny complaint about my drink, thus the subtraction of a .5 star. Hey they can't all be perfect. Everything else was excellent IMO. Definitely not a stop in on a whim kind of place, but I'm already planning what to get when we get a chance to go back!
"Last night was my boyfriend and I's second anniversary, and I knew he would do something special for it. He brought me to The Signature Room at the 95th, which I've always wanted to check out, but have never felt I had the time! We were greeted in a prompt and genuinely friendly manner upon approaching, and ushered to a window seat with an incredible view in the blink of an eye. We had arrived just in time for brunch, which is my favorite meal of the day. After inspecting our options, I settled on the Brie and Pear Quiche, while my boyfriend ordered the Eggs Benedict. We ordered coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice to enjoy while we waited, and they came quickly. The juice did indeed taste fresh, and the coffee was hot and one of the best cups I've had in a long time. Our breakfast arrived in a reasonable time frame, and everything was better than expected. The staff were friendly and efficient, making sure we had everything we needed without overly hovering. My favorite part was discovering they have a focus on sustainability, buy their meats locally, and give back to the community through philanthropic endeavors. I'd give this restaurant 5 out of 5 stars, hands down, and plan to return frequently in the future.
"Don't let the name fool you, the Weber Grill Restaurant is more than just hamburgers and hot dogs and as I found out this last weekend, one of the best steak houses around. My dining experience began this last Saturday around 6:00 pm and upon arriving at the Weber Grill I immediately assumed that I would be waiting for a while before being seated due to the fact that there almost wasn't an empty parking spot in the whole lot. To my pleasant surprise however I only had to wait about five minutes before being seated. I reviewed the menu and decided to splurge and ordered the Prime NY strip, medium well. The steak, which arrived in less than 15 minutes, was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth. The Parmesan Truffle Mashed Potatoes and grilled asparagus were a perfect pairing with the steak as well as the house made steak sauce. Equally as pleasurable as the meal was the service as well as the atmosphere. Overall my dining experience was extremely pleasurable and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this fine dining experience giving it a 5 out of 5 stars. Thank you Weber grill,
'There is not a restaurant in Chicago that I would more recommend than Weber Grill Restaurant. We were able to be seated right away when we came in. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They were able to suggest the perfect meal, seeing that it was my first time eating at the restaurant. My Prime NY Strip was cooked exactly the way I asked. My husband ordered lobster and he was satisfied as well. They were also very family friendly, and had some great options for my youngest child. Last but not least, the wine was some of the best that I have ever tasted. For such a great meal, this restaurant was surprisingly very affordable. I would definitely recommend it.
'I have been to Gibsons Bar & Steakhouse several times, each time being a pleasant visit. They have vallet parking. The service was very good, we were waited on promptly and the food arrived in a timely manner. There was so much to choose from menu. The food was fantastic and the prices were comparable. All in all, I felt very favorable to this restaurant. I would, and have, recommended this place to friends and family.
'The Signature Room is an experience that is well worth your time. The ambient atmosphere is astounding. The view is breathtaking. The food is superb although a bit pricey. Customer satisfaction seems to be the key word here. The staff go out of their way to insure that you have a pleasant and memorable dining experience.
'This place is awesome! I went here with my whole family for fathers day and it was the perfect place for us to go! The margaritas were delicious and the food was amazing! We will definitely be going back!
"Gibson's Bar and Steakhouse is awesome! The food was delicious, the wait staff was lovely and it was the best steak in chicago. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant to my friends and family.
"My wife and I ate here recently for our anniversary, and we thought the ambiance was lovely. I had the roasted pickles, which I have never had, and quite enjoyed the savory flavor. My wife chose the sauteed green beans which she thought were tasty and a healthy option. I also had the pan roasted halibut, which was cooked well, and the white asparagus served with it was flavored well and not bitter, compared to white asparagus I've had in the past. Their wine selection was quite good, and we shared a bottle of Endrizzi Chardonnay. Altogether, this was a pleasant dining experience and I would recommend it to others.
"Frontera Grill has some of the most delicious food choices in a great atmosphere. It's a pretty casual restaurant with awesome staff who make you feel right at home. It's very colorful and they take great pride in keeping a clean restaurant. You can tell they only use the freshest ingredients in their authentic Mexican menu choices. I can't wait to try all of their menu options and would highly recommend this place to anyone. try it and you won't be disappointed!
"I would rate this restaurant a 4 out of 5. I went here for a romantic dinner last week with my wife. The view is breathtaking, and the food is just as spectacular. We started our night off with the Grilled Shrimp appetizer. Simply amazing. I then ordered the Wagyu Manhattan Strip Steak and my wife ordered the Petit Filet. We both enjoyed our meal, and found it to be quite a delicious experience. Oh, and I forgot to mention the service. Boy, these people sure are friendly. And they're quick too. I would definitely go to this restaurant again for a special occasion. Thank you Signature Room at the 95th for this lovely experience!
"Chef John Coletta of Quartino (Chicago) has outdone himself. His curious and interesting selection of how to prepare dishes leave the taste buds satisfied, such as the Ravioli stuffed with braised pork, speck and fava beans. If you are a wine/cheese pairing novice, ask the staff to choose for you as their knowledge is quite in-depth. We were quite happy with the size of the portions - not too large, not too small. Also, the salad selections were varied and had something for everyone - from beets to naval oranges to walnuts and house-made burrata. Lastly, the ambience of the restaurant is refreshing and not stuffy as sometimes places can be when they offer a truly upscale menu. We recommend, if there's room, sitting out on the charming and cozy patio deck overlooking the street. It's a great way to people watch and get some fresh air, while enjoying a spectacular meal!
"All I have to say is WOW! after visiting Quartino in downtown Chicago. The menu was rustic and everything I tried I loved! As an olive aficionado, that was my favorite part! The service was speedy and professional. It's a good wait staff when you hardly know they're there unless they are helping you out specifically. We stopped by on a Tuesday, which was disappointing since my party wanted the half-off wine deal. Nevertheless, a GREAT experience at Quartino Chicago. I would go back in a heartbeat, or faster!
"My Wife and I just got home from the most romantic and great tasting dinner I have had in many years. We went to Joe's Seafood. The atmosphere there was out of this world and the service was top notch. We were greeted and seated really quickly. When I made the reservation, It was quick and easy. They took our drink order immediately and we received our Sweat tea's with 5 mins. We then Ordered our food and got it within 15 minutes. We both ordered the Fathers Day special. The taste was out of this world and we had leftovers to take home. The server always seemed concerned with how we were doing and our drinks were always full. This place has great service, Great food and I love the atmosphere.
"I had just recently moved to Chicago and saw this fabulous seafood restaurant around the corner from my apartment. Being from Vancouver and having access to fresh seafood all the time, I immediately requisitioned a few friends to try out Joe's Seafood last night. It was a hit! The host immediately seated us when we walked through the door, and the decor was great - simple and elegant. While we browsed the menu (did I say extensive?), we had ordered a bottle of white wine (from Napa Valley!) to accompany our meals. I couldn't choose, so I got the fisherman's platter following an appetizer of shrimp & scallop ceviche. My god! Even Maria, who's Peruvian, thought it was amazing. My friends got the stone crab and Chilean sea bass, and my boyfriend, Jeff, being the type of guy he is, went for the rib-eye. The prices were just right, and the food was excellent! We easily spent three hours here, finishing our meals and catching up. I was sorely tempted to get dessert, but by the end of our meals, I was so full that I made plans to come back on my own the next day. Oh, they do take-out AND have a gluten free menu - what's not to love? The service is great, and the menu has a lot of food that even the pickiest eater would have trouble finding fault with. My only complaint would be that there were no pictures on the menu (I'm a visual type of person), so it was hard to gauge the portions. All in all, this place comes highly recommended - you won't be disappointed. Make reservations in advance!
"For Fathers day I received a gift card to Ditka's, a restaurant owned by former Chicago Bears Head Coach Mike Ditka. I was excited to try it out and went last night. I made a reservation for the Chicago location through the website (this was very easy to do). When we got there I immediately took notice of the decor, which was very visually appealing to me. Service was quick to take our orders. I got the Alaskan Halibut, my wife the Lake Perch. Both arrived to our table quickly. The portions were large and I had to get a too go bag! We were so full we decided to skip dessert. The prices were fair. Overall I would rate the place an 8/10 and I would definitely recommend it to friends and family.
"I took my fiance to Girl & the Goat for his birthday recently, having heard rave reviews about the restaurant's craft beers and amazing entrees. We were not disappointed. The service was stellar, and the food was out of this world. The chef even made an appearance at our table to bring out dessert. By the way, the Miso Butterscotch Budino is divine. If you haven't tried it yet, get thee to Girl & the Goat at once.
"I recently went to Mike Ditka's - Chicago for dinner with friends, it was my first trip to the restaurant. Overall I enjoyed my experience at this restaurant. I enjoyed the atmosphere, the food was delicious and the waitstaff was courteous and friendly. I would recommend Mike Ditka's - Chicago to a friend. The atmosphere immediately caught my attention as I arrived. I am an avid sports fan, I found the restaurant's ambiance to be very exciting. There was a lot of very interesting pictures, posters and sports memorabilia decorating the restaurant. It's really any Chicago sports lover's dream! I was really impressed with the food. I had a Prime Filet Mignon with a loaded twice baked potato. The chef did a great job of cooking my steak exactly how I ordered it, medium rare. My meal was a little bit costly but the food itself was outstanding. Our waitress did a great job of getting my food out to me quickly so it did not end up sitting under a heat lamp for a long time drying out. If you are a sports fan and you enjoy steak, Mike Ditka's - Chicago is definitely a restaurant you will want to visit. I will be back to try some of the other delicious sounding items on the menu like the burgers, ribs and seafood. Despite the price, I was completely satisfied with my meal, it was worth every penny. I am looking forward to my next visit to Mike Ditka's - Chicago.
"Are you looking for a fun and tasteful new restaurant to try out? Girl & the Goat is the place to explore with your taste buds. The food is unique (in a good way) because they offer food variations that you normally don't see in a restaurant. My favorite combination would have to be Grilled Baby Octopus with a nice cold brew. Along with the great food quality comes with great customer service. Girl & the Goat as some of the nicest waitstaff a restaurant could ask for. They are not just trying to sell you food, but trying to make your experience at the restaurant that much better. If I had to rate this place, I would give it a 10 out of 10. This is a most place stop!
"If you're looking for the best seafood in Chicago, you have to go to Shaw's Crab House. The menu of items is endless and almost overwhelming. Not only does restaurant offer traditional seafood dishes and appetizers, but they also have an incredible sushi menu to choose from and to satisfy any seafood craving. The lobster, avocado and cucumber roll is my favorite. As for the rest of the menu, I've tried the Broiled Lake Michigan Whitefish and Grilled Alaskan Halibut and loved them both, and would easily recommend them to anyone. I would definitely order each again, but with so many plates to choose from, I also want to try them all. There are also non-seafood options if you're going out with people who do not prefer seafood, but honestly this place is best enjoyed by those who love seafood. The atmosphere is also incredible and so is the wait staff. You will surely have an incredible time at Shaw's and I would easily give the restaurant a 5/5.
'From the moment you walk into the Frontera Grill & Topolobampo you feel as if you are dining in quality. American food with a Mexican twist the food and service we had was top notch. Our service was fast accurate and courteous and the prices were very reasonable for such a nice selection. I coming back.
"If you're ever in the Chicago area, you MUST make a reservation (or several) to experience Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab. Imagine that your taste buds are starving and Joe's is the Oasis to quench their thirst. Our party of 6 was swiftly seated once we all arrived. My friends had to drag me along with them since I wanted to stop and look at all the plaques and interesting decor along the way. It is always promising to be intrigued by the decor and feel at home by the staff. Our handsome waiter gave me the impression that he had been highly trained and was serious about making our time there the most memorable. The menu was quite extensive and the waiter was very patient with us going over the daily specials and helping us make our selections. While I was appalled that one of our party actually ordered a classic hamburger for $15.00, it arrived perfectly cooked to order and looked like it was prepared to be photographed on the cover of Bon Appetit Magazine. All of his menu selections seemed to be as close to his daily lifestyle and simple tastes, but the recipes for these culinary masterpieces seemed to surprise me at every turn, including the macaroni and cheese, as a side dish. He devoured it with enthusiasm and teased the rest of us that we were missing out on the best burger he's ever had. Each and everyone of us specifically chose a different portion of the menu to order from. We wanted the full experience and while most things were expensive for our budget, it was well worth the extra cost. We will be returning each and every opportunity that we are able. It was an eating experience we want to indulge in more.
"I ate at Frontera Grill & Topolobampo for the first time the other night. It was by far some of the best Mexican food I have eaten in a while. To start, the chips and salsa was excellent. The salsa was spicy, but not to spicy and the chips were warm. Then they brought out my tacos. The meat and beans were cooked to perfection. The veggies were juicy and flavorful. I was so full from my main coarse that I couldn't even fathom having dessert, but it looked delicious and I'll be sure to save room for next time. This was a great dining experience. The servers were very friendly and the food was brought out in a timely manner. The atmosphere was very authentic and appealing. This was a very family friendly restaurant. I highly recommend Frontera Grill & Topolobampo. 5/5 Stars!
"My wife and I went to the Weber Grill Restaurant a few weeks ago. The waitstaff was excellent, but expect a wait, even at the bar. I had the Grilled Colorado Lamb Chops and she had the Prime NY Strip. The food was absolutely amazing and I can easily say that these are the best lamb chops I've ever had.
"My overall impression of Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab was very positive. The restaurant's atmosphere was very active and lively which I seemed to enjoy. I have no problem whether if the restaurant is busy or not. The customers also seem to really enjoy the specials of the restaurant and the prime steak. The cook always does a good job so rarely customers bring up any problems. This restaurant does a fantastic job.
"If you want something a little better than Joe's Crabshack, try Joe's Seafood, Prime steak & stone crab. The dining area and service was excellent with well dressed staff, who were all very polite. The prices might seem a little high but the amount and quality of food is worth it. All types of fresh seafood and great steaks are served in a variety of dishes that come full of deliciousness. With such a wide selection and great meals Joe's seafood is definitely worth checking out.
"I went to The Signature Room at the 95th last Friday for a relaxing dinner for two with my girlfriend and was greeted with impeccable service and hospitality from the wait staff. We sat down and ordered an appetizer and an entree each. For the appetizer, we had the Duck Trio. The duck thigh was cooked perfectly, but the toast points were a bit soggy. They must have been sitting out for a few before coming to the table. Other than that very minor detail, the rest of the appetizer was fantastic. For dinner I had the rack of lamb while my girlfriend had the petit filet. My lamb was cook perfectly. The lamb was juicy and full of flavor and the sides complimented the lamb just beautifully. I didn't have the chance to try the petit fillet myself, but my girlfriend absolutely loved it. For dessert, we shared the passionfruit cheesecake. It was light and fluffy and the crust was amazing. I would definitely go back and eat there again.
"I had read plenty about this restaurant in various restaurant reviews including Time Out Chicago and the Chicago Tribune. I was a bit hesitant because sometimes they never live up to the hype. But, I have to admit, the Purple Pig is really fantastic. First, the atmosphere is very tasteful, decorated with nice colors, and even the dishes are in the shape of pigs. The food was just fantastic. I was a bit overwhelmed by the choices of cheeses and wines, but our server was very knowledgeable and helped us to get match our wines with out meals and to choose some of the more popular dishes. I look forward to going back and trying some of the salads, which also looked amazing. And, when we left, we realized there is some outdoor seating for when the weather is good! Can't wait to return!
'Gibsons Bar & Steakhouse offered a wide variety of food on their menu. Scenery was excellent and the staff was polite. Food was great and the wait time was little. The bar offered a large variety of alcohol and the restaurant was very clean. Located in a convenient part of Chicago. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
'My boyfriend took me to dinner last week at Frontera Grill. What a fun place! We started with Guacamole, and can I just say... it was amazing! I ordered Tacos Al Carbon, and they were so yummy. We had a great time, the service was outstanding and we will definitely be going back there again.
"The first time that my husband and I came to dine at Quartino, was for our Saturday date night.We pick a different restaurant to check out on the last Saturday of every month. This time we had decided on finding something delightful in the downtown area of Chicago. I had heard great things about Quartino's menu from friends and we are both always very eager to try new places, especially because we both love Italian food so much. We are both pretty good cooks, and we loved getting inspired by eating out. On our first night dinning at Quartino's I decided that I would only try they vegetarian dishes while my husband would try a meat dish as a main menu, and we would share the appetizers. The restaurant was packed on Saturday night, brimming with lively chatter and a mixture of delicious aromas. We felt immediately at ease as we were seated by our served. We started off with the white bean and garlic spread, the chilled zucchini and polenta fries which we had to order a second round of! They were absolutely incredible! We also ended up finishing a bottle of delicious Itlaian wine with dinner. I had the mouthwatering, homemade gnocchi and my husband had beef short ribs. We were both in heaven and I though I wanted to not eat meat, I had to try the short ribs, and they were well worth it! The ambiance was warm and welcoming, the food incredibly delicious and our check was very, very reasonable. Quartino has quickly become one of our favorite places to dine out in Chicago and we love sharing it with friends.
"I love Joe's Seafood. I am a seafood enthusiast and have been to every seafood restaurant in the Chicago area, and Joe's is the best by a longshot! Their seafood is fresh and always tastes like it was just pulled from the ocean. Their dishes compliment the seafood perfectly and taste as if it were served by Posiden himself, haha! But really, it's the best. Their prices are more then fair for the quality of food and service you receive at Joe's. Everytime I have company visiting me I take them to Joe's and they always agree with me that it's the best seafood they have ever tasted!
"I've been to Quartino's several times for several different occasions for both business and leisure. Quartino's staff always knows how to tend to my needs perfectly--they are always very helpful and very knowledgeable about the daily specials and menu items. I loved the vintage decor throughout the restaurant and their great selection of wines. The thing I love most about this place is the option of choosing the shared menu where two people can eat a three meal course for a very reasonable price. They have valet parking which is always a plus and serve both individuals and large groups. You can book reservations directly on their website which is great because you can book on the go. I would definitely recommend the roasted calamari or salmon and my favorite pasta is the gnocchi. Chef Cotello is one amazing chef and his restaurant is by far one of the best in Chicago.
"I visited the Signature Room this evening to enjoy a 10th anniversary dinner with my husband. I couldn't ask for a better view- the restaurant overlooks the city streets of Chicago. We were seated especially close to the gigantic, encompassing windows. I dined on the Grilled Tofu. I was especially pleased to see so many readily-made-vegan options. Many restaurants require you to call in advance if you have such strict dietary restrictions, but luckily (since I did not mention when calling), Signature Room's menu featured many vegetarian options, and a few vegan ones. The food was magnificent- beautiful, delicious, flavorful. I was a little reluctant to eat it, but only because I wanted to have my cake and eat it too! I would recommend this place for any special occasion.
'When I heard that Mike Ditka was opening a steakhouse, I knew I had to try it. The man is a legend in Chicago and is known for giving 100% to whatever he puts his time in. When I went in the restaurant I really liked what I saw. It was a very relaxed place, not too loud and not too quiet. The people and the staff were friendly as well so my initial impressions were good. But at the end it is all about the food. The steaks were great, my order was on time, and I had a really good time. I recommend anyone who likes good steak to check the place out!
"Wow! My friends had been talking about Quartino's, but I had never been. I finally went last night with a couple of friends. I have definitely been missing out! The atmosphere is fun and exiting and the staff is friendly and go out of their way to make your experience as enjoyable as possible. The food? It was to die for. Perfection. Definitely a 5 star experience for me. I'll be back, and often!
"I love Shaw's. I go there all the time with friends and family. It is so good! I am always pleased with the service I receive, and the food is terrific. There is so much to choose from (large menu). The food is always fresh and delicious. Their dessert menu is outstanding, too. The location is quite convenient. If you're looking for a classy seafood restaurant in a great location in Chicago, then Shaw's is the place. I would highly recommend. Go for lunch and try the Parmesan Crusted George's Bank Haddock - it's to die for!
"Satisfying All Around I had dinner at Gibsons last Thursday and can't say enough good things about this place. I eat here at least once a month and they never disappoint. When we arrived for dinner we did not have a reservation, but we were greeted right away by an effecient hostess who led us directly to the patio. I guess being a group of only two we lucked out and got to sit outside. Our waiter was fast and friendly, he chatted with us a bit, but was not too overwhelming. My steak, as always, was cooked to perfection and my guest enjoyed his as well. Great food, great staff and great patio- I will be back again during this summer!
"If your making a trip to Chicago, definitely make a stop at the Purple Pig. Not only was the food delicious, but our wait staff was super nice and friendly. They didn't make me feel like a tourist, they made me feel at home. Absolute must visit!
"I went to Fonter with my wife for lunch. The atmosphere and service were both amazing. We weren't quite sure what to expect beforehand, but, we were very happy once we went there. It's a nice cozy place, where you can sit back and enjoy a meal without being distracted by too many people. We started out with the fresh corn tamales, and let me tell you, they were amazing. We then went on to have the Tacos Al Carbon with steak. It was cooked perfectly and was honestly, probably the best steak taco I've ever had. If you do go, make sure you check out the homemade ice cream. Ben and jerry's has nothing on these guys. It goes perfectly with the chocolate pecan pie as well! If you are in the neighborhood, definitely check them out, we'll be back for sure!
"Joe's is my favorite place to relax after work. The bartender there makes great cocktails and when I get hungary, I like to have their classic cheeseburger at the bar. The seafood here is really good, especially the stone crabs. My wife likes the grilled tomatoes and Ahi Tuna, which has a wasabi kick. Service is fast and attentive, but the waiters also know how to let you be when you want. They don't hover. The decor is classic, but updated. . .dark wood, white linens, soft lighting and black and white photos on the wall. On weekends, this place really heats up, but I like to come on weeknights when it's less crowded.
'I love the Girl & the Goat. I take my wife there at least twice every month and the food and drink is nothing but outstanding. We usually get the Belgian Ale, but we also love the wine and cocktails. The food menu offers a wide range of options, ranging from fried pickles to beef tongue. While we mostly stick to the drinks, we also love their fried oysters. Overall, I love the Girl & the Goat and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good time with good food and drink.
'I stopped in at the Purple Pig for lunch today, and had a great experience. The staff members were really friendly, and the food was terrific. This was my first time stopping at this restaurant, and I was really impressed with both the service and the food. I ordered the Meatball Slider with Parmesan & Arugula, and also treated myself to dessert (Affogato, which is soft ice cream with espresso over it). My slider was prepared perfectly, and the espresso was great (not too bitter). The prices were reasonable for the quality of the food. I definitely plan to go back, and soon!
"I'm a big fan of seafood restaurants and this one did not disappoint. Everything from their sushi to their entrees is great - even the desserts are good! Great affordable place to take the family and it won't break your budget. Will definitely come back to this place.
"After months of planning and putting off, I finally found myself seated at a table in Chicago's much talked about hot spot, Girl and the Goat. The restaurant is both elegant and eclectic at the same time creating a symphony for the senses even before the meal. I started out with the fried pickles I'd heard so much about, and let me tell you the accolades were not unfounded. Delightful little treats that had me eagerly wanting more. Now normally I'm all for a steak, but this night I was feeling quite bold, so throwing caution to the wind I ordered escargot Ravioli featured on the evenings menu. Although not sure what to expect, I have but one word, amazing! Chef Stephanie Izard is a true master of the culinary arts and deserves all the accolades she has received and more. Unfortunately my time was short and waist line was expanding so desert had to be skipped, but should I get back to Chicago, I can promise you Girl and the Goat will be a must stop on my list.
'I visited Gibsons for the first time today. I am from out of town and it is very rare to find restaurant quality like this. The food was amazing and extremely cost effective. I basically got 2 meals out of the one I paid for. My service was exceptional and the environment was clean and mostly quiet. Overall, this was a great experience.
'When I first walked into Quartino I was greatly surprised (in a good way!). I have been to many restaurants in the area and in Chicago in general but the atmosphere and presentation here jumped out at me. Something about it was so simplistic and comforting, I felt like a regular the first time I walked in. It made me want to return without having even tried the food! I was greeted by a host when I came in and was sat down at my table. The service was good. He was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable, however the place was very busy so he was running around to serve his many tables (not his fault). I ended up deciding on the Margherita pizza. The ingredients tasted very very fresh. I\'m not much of a pizza person myself, but I tried it at the recommendation of the next table over and was very glad I did. I boxed up the 2nd half of the pizza for dinner, I wanted to have room in my stomach to try at least one more thing. I went with the "Chilled Zucchini - Grilled with sun dried tomatos." accompanied by the wine of the month, a 2011 Rosado from Spain. I probably should have asked for help pairing the wine plates with an appropriate wine, the server gave me some great recommendations that I didn\'t take him up on. It was still very very tasty, and worked decently, but next time I\'ll be sure to take the servers advice. They are there for a reason! Overall my experience at Quartino was excellent! The food, service, and atmosphere all came together nicely for a very holistic experience. I would recommend this place to others, however I would say it is best with 2-4 people. I can\'t wait to take my out of town friends here. Four and a half out of five.
"Best steak in Chicago! We started with the Crabmeat and Avocado, it was fresh and absolutely mouth watering. For dinner, I ordered the 10oz Filet Mignon, they also offer a 14oz. The steak was cooked perfectly, it was tender , juicy, and the flavor did not disappoint. We barely saved room for dessert but couldn't pass it up. We had be told how delicious there pies are and to try atleast one. Our server warned us about the massive portions, so we decided to split the macadamia turtle pie. It was to die for! It was the perfect balance of rich, creamy, and sweet. I was tempted to order one to go! We will definitely be back.
"Wow. I had an incredible night at the Signature Room. Me and my boyfriend showed up 30 minutes late for out reservation, but the hostess was so nice! She gave us a table and didn't even mention our faux-pas. I got the halibut that was like heaven on a plate and my bf got the snapper. It was our three year anniversary and when our server Brian found out, he brought us two complimentary flutes of champagne and a free dessert. I mean, what? Best service ever. This place is incredibly expensive, but it's perfect for a special event.
"I took my wife to dinner last Friday at Ditkaao>>s in Chicago. The place was busy, but the staff was on top of it and we were seated in less than 10 minutes. Our server was friendly (sorry, I forgot her name) and had our drinks quickly. My wife had the Maryland Style Crab Cakes and she says they are the best she has ever had. I had the huge Ditka Cut Bone-in Angus Prime Rib. Not only was it big, but it had to be the best prime rib I've had in a very long time. The food and service rates a solid 10 while the atmosphere was closer to a 9. The prices are on the steep side, but it was well worth it.
'Where do I start? The Purple Pig is absolutely incredible seems about right. I first went with a couple of coworkers for dinner on a Friday night and felt as if I stumbled upon a gold mine. Its location is perfect for taking a client or a date. The Good Stuff: - The food is delicious. I have yet to try something I did not like. - The "plating" is done with great care and is incredibly appealing. - The wait staff is professional with the perfect amount of friendliness. - Dessert! Unbelievable! Don\'t skip dessert! The bad: - What do I write? I have yet to find anything bad! The Purple Pig is awesome. Try it. You\'ll understand.
"I always look forward to business trips to Chicago, because I know I will have the opportunity to be swept away to Italy - at least in a culinary and dining atmosphere sense - when I dine at Quartino Ristorante and Wine Bar on North State Street in downtown Chicago! I know that I can drop the worries of the day and indulge in the yummy and beautifully presented regional specialties they offer. The ambience at Quartino is always warm and welcoming, and the staff is always helpful and dedicated to providing excellent service. As for the food...on my 3 visits to Quartino, I have never found a dish I didn't like. If I had to pick my two favorites, they would be the crispy calamari with organic tomato sauce and the organic veal skirt steak, served with wild arugula, roasted grape tomatoes, and balsamic syrup. Chef Coletta and his team have put together such a sumptuous menu that limiting myself to two favorites is nearly impossible. Everything has been delicious. The prices are very reasonable, the food is fabulous, and the service is always above and beyond expectations. I would definitely recommend Quartino if you are ever in downtown Chicago.
"Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab was amazing! First off, because I had never visited before and was only visiting Chicago as well, I wanted to check the menu online. I was not disappointed! Their full menu was available, with descriptions of each item. I tried the Spinach Stuffed Mushrooms as an appetizer and the Seared Ahi Tuna Sandwich as my entree and was not disappointed! Both were delicious and cooked to perfection. The service was also fantastic. I received my food quickly and it was correct on the first try (something I never take for granted) and our waitress was courteous and attentive. It's like she knew I was thirsty before I did! Overall, I recommend this place to anyone in the area. It is well worth a try.
"Shaw's Crab House was just what my girlfriend and I were looking for for our anniversary. They have everything here from seafood, to steak, to brunch. We entered the restaurant and were kindly greeted by the hostess who quickly took us to a very nice table. They even brought us a bottle of wine on the house because it was our anniversary! The waiter was prompt and polite. My girlfriend ordered the steak and I ordered the yellowtail snapper. Both were fantastic! For dessert we ordered the triple layer chocolate cake which was a perfect end to a great dinner. 5/5 We will definitely be coming back again!
'i am not a person who normally writes review, but after going to this restaurant i cant stop myself from writing some words about it. quality of food and quick service are two main reason to recommend this restaurant to my friends. a good news is that they have some promotions also for drinks on sometimes, so you can enjoy your good food for little less value.
"My husband and I decided to try Quartino for dinner one night recently while his parents and sister were visiting, and it was wonderful. The dining room was very open and had a lively atmosphere. The decor was vintage and cute, and the retuarant smells like heaven as soon as you walk in the door. The food was amazing, the tortellini was some of the best I've ever had, my husband kept trying to steal it off my plate! The menu even had some vegetarian options listed, which made my sister-in-law very happy. The staff was friendly and quick. It was a great night and my husband and I will definitely be coming back soon!
"We went to Mike Ditka's - Chicago restaurant. It was great. My husband got the sushi and I got crab cakes. They were both very good. The restaurant was also very clean. We will be going back to the restaurant soon to try out their other food.
"I recently moved from Austin to Chicago about 6 months ago and I was starting to really miss some good ol' tex mex food. A friend and I found Frontera online with some good reviews so we decided to give it a shot. That was probably the best decision I made all week. The wait staff was very friendly and everything we ordered came out quickly. I got the carbon tacos and they were delicious. Exactly what I needed to bring be back home for an evening.
"Shaw's Crab House is a new restaurant in Chicago that I would highly recommend to satisfy your next craving for a great seafood dinner. Last Friday night, I spotted the website at www.shawscrabhouse.com online, and was impressed with their tempting menu, the virtual tour, and the ease of making an online reservation. We arrived at Shaw's at 7:00 for dinner. The restaurant was crowded, but our reservation got us seated by a window within 5 minutes. The atmosphere is casual, and decorated in a pleasant decor with lots of beautiful wood and interesting marine art. The waiter arrived quickly and was friendly and knowledgeable. We all ordered the Alaskan Red Crab dinner, and our mouths watered as we enjoyed the succulent flavors. The entire meal was fresh, eye appealing and delicious. The cost was fair and well deserved. We all agreed that we would return to Shaw's Crab House again very soon.
"The service at Ditka's restaurant was not too fast or slow. I had the Iron Mike burger and it was AWESOME! One of the best burgers I have ever had. I was come back here for sure, just for the burger alone and hope to try some wine the next time I visit.
"All I can say is WOW! I went to this restaurant last week with some friends and I had such a wonderful time. The atmosphere was super comfortable and the wait staff was extremely friendly. The steak I ordered was cooked to perfection and all of the sides were wonderful! My friend's salmon plate smelled really tasty too. I just wish I could have tried everything on the menu ;) The priced were very reasonable too. I would definitely recommend Mike Ditka's to everyone. I cannot wait to return with more of my friends and family. - Clean - Friendly - Reasonably Priced - Fast Service - Perfect Food
'Yum! Such a great place to dine for a succulent and nicely priced meal! Not only was the food absolutely to die for, I had the green garlic potato wontons, but the atmosphere was nothing short from ideal. The service was incredibly friendly and the meal arrived very quickly. I give this place two thumbs up!
'I was recently in Chicago for a convention. A friend recommended that I visit The Signature Room At The 95th.It is probably one of the best recommendations a person has ever given me. The Signature Room At The 95th is an amazing restaurant it overlooks the city of Chicago. I ordered the Spiced Duck Breast for dinner the dish was mouthwatering and had an authentic taste. I also ordered a glass of wine to go with the dish. The food and the view of Chicago added to the moment, it was spectacular. The overall feel and environment of the restaurant is luxurious, the waiters and waitresses are friendly and both knowledgeable. I recommend The Signature Room At The 95th to anyone seeking the best of Chicago.
"I visited Mike Ditka's Chicago location the other night and was highly impressed with the restaurant. This location, in the Tremont hotel, has a great atmosphere and a very courteous staff. I went with a small group for dinner and we decided to try out several items on the menu to share. The Seafood Tower and Coach's Pot Roast Nachos were a big hit with our group. For my meal I got the Kobe Burger which was cooked as requested and very juicy. The side of fries I got was also good, though I was pretty full from all the rest of the food and didn't finish them. I would definitely visit Mike Ditka's again for the ambiance and the delicious food.
"So we went to Weber Grill Restaurant for lunch. I was entertaining some clients and thought I would try this place since I heard they had great lunch specials. It was a gamble, but I was pleasantly surprised. I had made a reservation for 4 and upon arrival, we only had to wait a few seconds before being escorted to our table. The hosts were very friendly and let us know our waiter would be right with us. Usually, at a busy lunch restaurant, one can only hope to be helped immediately, but they seemed to have plenty of staff to go around and we were helped right away. Joe was our waiter and you can tell he really cares about his customers having a great lunchtime experience in a timely fashion. I ordered the grilled vegetable panini off their $10 lunch special. It arrived nice and hot and the portion was quite sizable. My clients were also happy with their orders and we were greeted by the waiter at various times during our meal to make sure our drinks were refilled. We made it out in a reasonable amount of time given the volume of people in the restaurant, so I would definitely come back for a lunch meeting if Weber's keeps up this level of service. A+!!
'I started my evening out with an appetizer. I went with the broccoli with roasted garlic and anchovy vinaigrette. It had the perfect amount of flavor and balance. I ended my night with Pork Tripe Ala Parmigiana with Pork Skin Breadcrumbs. I was recommended this dish and it delivered. The pork tripe was cooked to perfection which bares repeating because it is easily messed up. The service was great, our server was very helpful and accommodating.
'I went here for dinner on Fathers Day and I was really pleased with the special they offered. It included appetizer, main dish and even desert. I also thought it was cool how they sent my dad home with a free gift of Joes steak spice. My dad had a good time as well and the pricing was pretty descent. I definelty recommend this restaurant and I am sure ill be back too.
"Whether you are tourist looking to venture the Chicago nightlife, or an elegant seafood joint, Shaw's Crab House brings you the best of both worlds. Located near the Chicago Harbor, the restaurant is found near beautiful Chicago seaside. With a menu that ranges from soups, steaks, crab, and the best oysters in town, there is no better place to dine quality food at an unbeatable price. Born in the San Francisco Bay Area, i have had my fair share of seafood a the piers, but, I can easily say that it feels good to have great tasting seafood out on the east coast.Thank you Shaw's Crab House for the great experience and will definitely return next time i come to the windy city.
"My family of 4 visited Ditka's restaurant in Chicago for lunch for the first time, and we weren't disappointed. Although the establishment was busy, our wait for a table was minimal. Service was very prompt, which is a must when dining with kids! My husband and I found the lunch menu to be extensive and we were happy with the selection of beer. The salads were fresh and our burgers were prepared to our liking. Even our picky kids liked their food. And most importantly, when the bill came, we found our total to be reasonable, given the amount of food and drinks that we ordered. This is a great stop for tourists, and the next time we are in Chicago, we will be sure to stop in again!
"We go to Shaw's sometimes for lunch. Usually have chicken sandwich. Prices are a little high but the food makes up for it. Service is always fast and friendly. Don't know about diner but for lunch you cant go wrong here.
"Wow. This restaurant is wonderful! The food is amazing and the atmosphere is a delight. Frontera Grill changes their menu every so often which I love because it keeps me coming back for more. The food is always delicious so I am excited to try what's coming up next. The people working at Frontera are always polite and friendly. I couldn't ask for better service! The place is so nicely decorated that it makes you feel right at home. I think you should come on in. I believe you'll love it just as I do!
'Weber Grill Restaurant is my family\'s favorite "home away from home" when it comes to dining out. With $10 lunches the whole family can enjoy and live music in the evenings on a few nights, Weber Grill is what American dining should be all about. American steakhouses can be tricky places to prune a following for. Either the house must be so fancy that casual diners can be intimidated, or it risks coming off like a standby truckers\' buffet with overdone steaks. Weber Grill Restaurant is neither of those. Even though I feel like I can go there for a special occasion, I also feel like I can just pop in for a laidback evening with my spouse or closest friends. I love the downtown Chicago location for Weber because I can make a night of it in Chicago. There is so much more to do before or after dining there. But, I enjoy the suburban location as well: particularly in Schaumburg, Illinois, close to where I live. All restaurants have the same warm decor and impressive dining rooms. There is never a problem gaining a reservation at Weber, even on busy weekends. The staff at Weber are real pros when it comes to serving meals fast without making patrons feel like they must rush. And, patrons are able to have the best cocktails at the bar while they wait. My favorite meal, of course, consists of Weber\'s famous steaks. They are among the best I have had. The meat is prime and often locally-sourced. But, even people who do not eat red meat or meat at all can find something at Weber. They have a formidable a la carte menu, fresh market rate seafood and a variety of soups and salads to choose from. If you haven\'t checked out Weber Grill Restaurant during your residency in Illinois or vacation to Chicago, do yourself a great service and add it to your list. I plan to keep Weber a part of my life for a long time.
"We were absolutely blown away with our experience here last night. Upon arrival, we immediately knew that this was no ordinary Mexican place. The decor and staff was a step above anywhere else we have ever been. Our waiter was very kind and courteous. He helped us navigate the menu and gave us some great suggestions. We were a bit taken aback by the prices at first, but as soon as we tried our food, we knew exactly why. It was incredible! There wasn't a single item that we did not absolutely love. It's nice to have some authentic Mexican in the area now. We will definitely be back!
"Weber Grill is one of the best places I have ever eaten! I'm a repeat customer they have kept on-board with their business for almost two months now! I actually came upon this restaurant through a co-worker outing after work to Smokey Joe's Bar, which was a very fun experience. But I had noticed that it was also a restaurant so one day I figured I would try it out and have loved it ever since. Yes the food is a little pricey. But the service, environment and the food is worth what you're paying! Favorite food would definitely be their steak. I love the NY strip so very flavorful and delicious! Definitely would recommend as a good bar or restaurant!
"Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab is an excellent place to dine for any occasion. Very authentic and delicious cuisine. Everything about the experience I received there was outstanding, from the ambiance, great service, and incredible on-trays. Great variety, great scenery, and great people. I was thoroughly satisfied with Joe's. I will be frequenting there often, and would recommend anyone else to do the same.
"As a big fan of seafood, I've been dying to find a great but affordable seafood place in Chicago. Upon recommendation from a friend, I tried Shaw's Crab House -- and was definitely glad I did! The items on the menu are well within my budget... which means they should be well within anyone's budget! The quality of the service is excellent; my server was friendly and I didn't have to wait long at all. Factor that in with the quality of the food, and it goes without saying that I've been won over! I implore anyone looking for some excellent seafood without wanting to break the bank to check out Shaw's -- hopefully you'll be as surprised as I was.
'This restaurant was absolutely wonderful! I came here with my wife a few days ago and the atmosphere was so calm and warming. Weber Grill was a wonderful place for our anniversary dinner, and we will definitely be going back again soon. The service was great, the menu diverse and very professional looking, and the overall visit exceeded our expectations. Definitely one of my new favorites! Oh, and our food was delicious and cooked perfectly to our expectation!
"My husband and I love coming to the Signature room at the 95th. It has a wonderful atmosphere of professionalism and it's a great place for one to celebrate a number of occasions. The food is wonderful and beautiful. The Twin Lobster Tails are to die for! I recommend trying that if you haven't. The staff is extremely polite, courteous and just wonderful. This is a must if you're visiting the area.
'What more can I possibly say but this: WOW! The Purple Pig was absolutely amazing! Very contemporary and modern styling was definitely on point. Selection of wines and cheeses were exactly what I expected. Prices were reasonable and were definitely not above the industry norm. Quiet, relaxing atmosphere. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and had sampled every dish to add to his knowledge. I would definitely recommend The Purple Pig to anyone!
"What can I say about Girl and the Goat? Every Chicagoian wants to get in here and eat at some point. I finally got my chance during my anniversary dinner, where my husband make reservations without me catching on! The restaurant was so warm and inviting and I even caught a glimpse of the chefs working as we were seated. The decor was amazing, and the selection of food was phemonimal. I order the crispy pork belly, and the hubby had some confited goat belly. The presentation was out of this world and so was the taste. I was in heaven. We left full, but not feeling fat. The food was rich without feeling like there was real weight to it. Such a great experience, I can't wait to go back!
"My boyfriend and I were on vacation in Chicago and, as always, were looking for a great restaurant to try out. After reading several reviews we decided to try out Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab. This worked very well for us because my boyfriend loves seafood and he doesn't get it often enough because I'm much more interested in steak. It's difficult to find a place that does both equally well but Joe's does it! Everything about our experience was amazing, starting when we walked into the restaurant. I loved the dark wood of the ceilings and the beautiful mahogany tables. The lighting was perfect to create a romantic dining experience for the two of us. After being seated we were greeted by a charming, friendly waiter dressed impeccably in black tie. He was extremely helpful in offering suggestions and very observant and prompt in making sure we had everything we needed. I ordered the bone in filet and my boyfriend ordered stone crab. The food was excellent; very flavorful and cooked perfectly. We both agreed that we would definitely eat at Joe's again the next time we visit Chicago.
'What a find!!! While vacationing with my husband in Chicago over Father\'s Day (June 16, 2013), we decided to venture into new territory! We visited the Frontera Grill Diner. This is definitely a "award winning" establishment. The food was spectacular! I experienced the Frontera Grill Dinner - a "Live Fire Entree"! Garlic-marinated Gulf mahimahi, hoja santa crema (poblano, masa). Queso ai+-ejo mashed potatoes, arugula salad, spicy hoja santa tostada. It was the absolute BEST! Kudos to the staff, as well! Although the restaurant was busy, we were seated very quickly, and the waiter took very good care of us - he made us feel like we were his only patrons!! The only downside to the Frontera Grill Diner? Too many delicious things to choose from. It will take a lot of trips to try everything! We WILL BE BACK, Frontera!!! Cheers!!!
"Shaw's Crab House is one of the best restaurants in Chicago. If you have family in town make sure and impress them by taking them to Shaw's. If you like Seafood Shaw's has it all, fresh oysters, crabs, and Sushi. Shaw's also has the best brunch in town. I love going during Sunday Brunch. The brunch is all buffet style and includes, eggs benedict, omelets, and fresh seafood. Come back for dinner and enjoy some of the best tuna in town. If you haven't tried Shaw's than you are missing out.
'I really liked eating here. They have the best crabs in town and they are the best type of quality. They make sure to boil the crabs and serve them at the exact right temperature. The way that they prepare the food is also different from many other restaurants. They make sure to only use the finest ingredients and make it taste good. I really loved this place because they also had great customer service. The people that served us were very friendly and they made sure to talk to us. They talked to me and my kid which made me very happy. Overall it is a great family restaurant and I would recommend it to anyone!
'The Purple Pig is by far one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. The food and wine are amazing and the customer service is excellent. I will definitely be eating here again! Five Stars!!!
"Recently, I discovered an amazing Chicago restaurant, Gibson's Bar & Steakhouse. I had heard of this restaurant and its good reputation, but hadn't had the opportunity to check it out until now. Wow! I am now a huge fan. Not only were the portions generous, but all parts of the meal were done to perfection. My martini was much larger than usual. I also really appreciated the dress code...anything other than sleeveless shirts for men are permitted although many men were dressed in shirts and others in jeans. I found the valet parking especially important in downtown Chicago. I am now a huge fan of this unique and classy restaurant and can't wait for my next visit with that special someone.
'An evening at the Frontera Grill is a mini trip to Mexico. From the vibrant colors on the walls. to the festive sounding music that takes over the minute you walk in the door. The food, all made from farm fresh ingredients is all just right. The creamy guacamole is an excellent appetizer. The steak fahitas easily feeds two people. Their signature margarita makes you want to dance all night The atmosphere was nice. The food was good. You will find me there on many Friday nights
'The Frontera Grill & Topolobampo restaurant is a very refreshing place. The customer service was outstanding, they treated my husband and I with respect,and always checked on us. The food was superb , and we loved the fact that the food was very fresh.
"Fontera Grill is one of my favorite places to eat in Chicago. Simply stated, no other Mexican restaurant in the city can compare. They are always introducing new dishes to the menu, and I have never had a bad experience when eating there. Chef Bayless's talent seems to know no boundaries beyond the availability of fantastic seasonal ingredients in a place so distant from Mexico. It also seems that no matter what meal I eat there, I am always pleased with the dishes I receive. I especially love the Sunday Brunches, mostly because of the fantastic cocktails that are available. Like the food, these change with the seasons, but they are all wonderful and refreshing. The only problem I have with Fontera is that is can be hard to get into sometimes. They are no longer a Chicago secret (for good reason!) and you now have to have reservations weeks in advance for a Friday or Saturday night. Luckily, that is never a problem for me because I book a table every other week regardless! I would recommend Fontera to anyone who asked. Seriously, it's just that good.
"My husband and I stumbled upon Gibson's by accident in downtown Chicago. You know how it is when you try a new place, is it really going to be worth the money? Well, it was, the food was amazing. The prime rib and double baked potato were amazing and we shared chocolate mousse for dessert. We definitely didn't leave hungry! It was a tad on the pricey side for us, but the food was so worth it and the service was top notch! I would definitely go back again.
"The Signature Room was just as classy as we expected, with the amazing skyline view that is literally second to none. I would have been perfectly fine just to sit there and enjoy the view, but the food was out of this world as well. I ordered the Petit Filet and it was cooked to perfection just how I ordered it. I'm no meat expert, but it must have been a great cut because it was the best steak I've had in a long time. I highly recommend this place to anyone either looking to impress or that simply has the highest standards of quality on their own.
"A great fulfilling meal from Joe's! My friend and I visited Joe's after hearing much praise about the restaurant. Upon entering the restaurant, we were immediately greeted upon and it did not take long for us to be seated and waited on. We started with calamari (a must-have!) and oysters. The seasoning on the calamari was just right and the sauce was a great complement. Then we ordered the crabs, which far exceeded my expectations. They were a good portion and were fresh and broiled to perfection. And of course, I can't forget dessert! I have such a sweet tooth, so I know a good dessert when I come across one, and I must say, their blueberry pie was absolutely delicious. It was the perfect way to end the perfect meal. Compliments to Joe's for their excellent food and service! Definitely will be recommending to others and returning!
'Oh my goodness i love love love this restaurant and have told everyone i know about my experience. The decor is beautiful and the view left me speechless. And the dessert was to die for i had their Passion fruit cheesecake and fell in love.This is a place I can spend hours at.
"I and several coworkers were in Chicago on business; after we closed the deal, the locals recommended this place (Girl and the Goat) when we asked for a good place to relax and celebrate. We decided to give it a try. The place is in the West Loop, glad we were using transit since parking would have been iffy. We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, but took that as a good sign, since the place was packed and busy. I checked out the menu on my phone while we waited, I liked that many of the entree listings include where the ingredients were sourced from, and links to read more about these places. Our server was friendly and fast, and the actual restaurant was comfortable and clean. It was obviously a very popular local place. We tried a few different craft beers, I had a Great Lakes Eliot Ness. Much better than having a Budweiser at a chain restaurant! Menu has vegetable, fish, or meat choices; we had the wood grilled broccoli, Skuna Bay salmon, and I had the crisp braised pork. Didn't take nearly as long as we expected, given how busy they were, and the food was fantastic! Great service, good booze and food, nice place, and the bill was very reasonable. We're definitely eating here again when in Chicago.
'The atmosphere was really wonderful and I really appreciate how nice the servers were. They knew all the different types of beer and what each one tasted like. They were very helpful in recommending what to order. I like how the menu changes and it is not the same thing every time. I would be more than happy to recommend this restaurant to another friend. Once again, thanks for the spectacular service and food. Needless to say the beer was fantastic.
'When I go to a restaurant there are 3 things I, and generally every rational person, looks for: quality, cleanliness, and excellent customer service. And Weber Grill Restaurant really knocks it out of the park categories. On the occasion that I attended this establishment, accompanied by my wife, we were first greeted by a warm, friendly hostess. I believe her name was Stella, we were promptly seated. The restaurant was about 3/4 of the way full, and shortly after being seated we met our waiter Joseph, who was prompt and thorough the whole time and. While waiting for our food I could not help but notice how clean and well decorated the restaurant was. It definitely looked like it could be a 5 star restaurant. For lunch I ordered "The Smokey Joe" and my wife had the "Southwest Turkey Wrap". Being from the south I had low expectations for a restaurant serving Barbecue above the Bible Belt. But the food really exceeded my expectations, not necessarily the quality of a 9-hour slow smoked brisket back home, but it was definitely one of the best damn Barbecue sandwiches I have had. I will definitely be back to this gem in the future. 4.5/5.0 Stars.
"My husband and I are regular customers at Quartino. We just love the atmosphere and friendly staff. It's a fine dining atmosphere with a family restaurant price. My husband tries something different every time we go (about twice a month) and so far has liked everything, but I'm stuck on the pizza Quattro Formaggi. Two thumbs up!
"My husband and I ate at Quartino's this past weekend. Although we were dissapointed that there were no available tables outide on the patio; I absolutely loved the historical decor on the inside of the resaurant. We shared the Soprano pizze, it was amazing! We can't wait to take my husband's parents there when they are in town next month. If the weather allows hopefully we will get to enjoy a patio table.
"Honestly speaking this is the best and most delicious food I have ever had in the longest time. After moving into this new neighborhood I didn't really know any good places to eat. During a friendly conversation, my neighbor suggested me this place and I am so glad I spoke to him. Honestly, the food is amazing; they make it fresh, itao>>s clean and service is just wonderful. Unlike most restaurants the silver wear is actually spotless clean! I was highly impressed by the service, cleanliness and the quality of the food. One of the best foods I have ever had. I would highly-highly recommend this to everyone. You actually get what you pay for. It's affordable, it's healthy and it's amazing. You will love it, I know I did.
"The Purple Pig in Chicago is located in a beautiful location downtown near the river and proves to be one of the premier dining locations in the city. Upon arriving at the Purple Pig, we were greeted by the hostess and immediately brought to our table. At first glance, the menu is overwhelming with a large variety of fantastic sounding dishes. For an appetizer we decided on the calamari and it was delicious. The calamari were fried perfectly leading to a crisp and crunchy texture and a nice, juicy flavor. The fregula and radishes that came on the side were a nice touch. I then decided to order wine from the vast and exotic wine list with a selection that is sure to please all wine connoisseurs. It was then time to order dinner which was difficult with all the different menu options. I decided on the meatball slider with Parmesan and arugula and it was to die for. The meatballs were tender and succulent with a great flavor. The marinara was also done well as it was just slightly sweet and of the perfect texture. The rolls on which the sliders came on were fresh baked and toasted to a nice crisp. For desert, it had to be Grandma D's chocolate cake which was, like the rest of the meal, delicious. The cake was moist and full of flavor and was a perfect ending to an excellent meal. Overall I would give The Purple Pig four stars out of four with great service, great food, and a great wine list. It is pricey, but the quality of the food reflects the prices an then some. It is now one of my favorites in the Chicago area.
"I had been to Joe's out in Vegas once before I came to Chicago, and was very fond of it. The Joe's in Chicago is one of the best restaurants I have been to in years. They featured a full wine list which included some great Merlot. My fiance and I started off with the '2nd Mortgage' featuring Alaskan King Crab, Shrimp and Scallops which was incredible. The Rib-eye steak I got for dinner was cooked to perfection and was rubbed with the perfect about of spices and pepper. I'm not one to 'lick my plate clean', but it was hard to put down my fork. Joe's is highly recommended and, if you can, save room for dessert, the Key-Lime pie was fantastic.
